
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.130695                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130695311500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5306863390000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  34147                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    58951                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              104473352                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3754464                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1250.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42717307                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73747553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21455552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21455552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13542528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13542528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211602                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211602                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164164665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164164665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103619080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103619080                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    267783745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           267783745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335243                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211602                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335243                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211602                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21454400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13542528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21455552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13542528                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    99488                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     3011                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 130694769000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335243                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211602                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 175727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1859                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                102217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  37574                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  38565                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  39092                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  39311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  39168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   6475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       153661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.745804                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.446907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   187.596543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        52236     33.99%     33.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30743     20.01%     54.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53477     34.80%     88.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6146      4.00%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4082      2.66%     95.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2330      1.52%     96.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1292      0.84%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          988      0.64%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2367      1.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       153661                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37842                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.858543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.011564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37816     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           25      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37842                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37842                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.591723                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.405825                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.880217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34427     90.98%     90.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2314      6.11%     97.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          646      1.71%     98.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          455      1.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37842                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 33740639451                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            40026108201                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1676125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   100650.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              119400.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  254380                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 138774                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.58                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    238997.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   71.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041392250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4364100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98286987750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              586958400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              574688520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              320265000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              313570125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1314417000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1300221000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            688493520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            682622640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49698854325                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49265461665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34819993500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35200162500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          95965161345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          95872906050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.282274                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.576378                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20799296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20799296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12914688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12914688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       324989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             324989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201792                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159143398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159143398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98815236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98815236                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    257958634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           257958634                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     324989                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201792                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   324989                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201792                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20798272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12914560                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20799296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12914688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    60435                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2648                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 130694487500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               324989                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201792                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   2167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2727                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  3043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3303                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3542                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  3651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  3685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  3661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 64360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  35797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  36822                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  37149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  37328                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  37552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5448                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   5939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       127669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   264.056834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.037112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   194.009617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26017     20.38%     20.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30281     23.72%     44.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53351     41.79%     85.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6184      4.84%     90.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4343      3.40%     94.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2242      1.76%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1441      1.13%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1018      0.80%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2792      2.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       127669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.003103                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.339663                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36045     99.86%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           47      0.13%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        36095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.590525                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.395171                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.941774                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32804     90.88%     90.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2098      5.81%     96.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          733      2.03%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          460      1.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        36095                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 28837917365                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34931161115                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    88739.43                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              107489.43                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  254473                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 144613                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    248100.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28549552250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4364100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97779082250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              489736800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              475425720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              267217500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              259408875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275651000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1259044800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            657013680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            650553120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49137822990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48196964745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35312126250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36137440500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          95675747820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          95515017360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.067812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          730.837975                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20796864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20796864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12915072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12915072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201798                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201798                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159124790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159124790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98818174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98818174                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    257942964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           257942964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324951                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201798                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324951                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201798                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20795840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12914944                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20796864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12915072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    58148                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2626                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 130695221500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324951                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201798                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1455                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  3653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  3731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  3782                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  3828                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  3915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 62311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  35834                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  36824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  37183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  37430                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  37572                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5329                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   5917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       127326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   264.755101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.746338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.820701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25978     20.40%     20.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29373     23.07%     43.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54016     42.42%     85.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6060      4.76%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4461      3.50%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2248      1.77%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1359      1.07%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1000      0.79%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2831      2.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       127326                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.994325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.351759                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36074     99.86%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           47      0.13%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        36123                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.586358                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.392685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.931753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32841     90.91%     90.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2089      5.78%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          755      2.09%     98.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          438      1.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        36123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 28695951782                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            34788483032                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    88312.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              107062.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  254403                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 144997                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    248116.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28404355250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4364100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97924402750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              488202120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              474367320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              266380125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              258831375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1275354600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259052600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656935920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            650702160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48868810920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47937882645                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35548101750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36364705500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          95639965035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          95481721200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.794018                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.583208                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20776448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20776448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12913792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12913792                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201778                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201778                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158968579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158968579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98808380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98808380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    257776959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           257776959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324632                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201778                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324632                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201778                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20775616                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12913664                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20776448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12913792                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    53640                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2266                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 130694491000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324632                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201778                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 170990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1697                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2854                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  3027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  4060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  4077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  4076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  4118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 57860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  35824                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  36891                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  37262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  37582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  37642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5463                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5794                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   5320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       126507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.297106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   207.521864                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.838526                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25150     19.88%     19.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29297     23.16%     43.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54146     42.80%     85.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6085      4.81%     90.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4360      3.45%     94.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2214      1.75%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1409      1.11%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1040      0.82%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2806      2.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       126507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.984832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.736614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36075     99.85%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           51      0.14%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        36129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.584876                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.394008                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.911415                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32815     90.83%     90.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2175      6.02%     96.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          718      1.99%     98.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          421      1.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        36129                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 28399160717                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            34485766967                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1623095000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    87484.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              106234.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  254280                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 145603                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    248275.09                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931566000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4364100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98396814000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              485026920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              471350880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              264647625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              257185500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273638600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258288200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656832240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            650643840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8536179600                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48643063560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47892838680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35746125750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36404217750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          95605514295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          95470704450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.530417                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.498912                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11834277                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 34.955484                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.153650                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                52.049728                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11535184     97.47%     97.47% |      149817      1.27%     98.74% |       74980      0.63%     99.37% |       39702      0.34%     99.71% |       20677      0.17%     99.88% |        9299      0.08%     99.96% |        3686      0.03%     99.99% |         790      0.01%    100.00% |         142      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11834277                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31875582                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.102301                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.518931                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.725958                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29982540     94.06%     94.06% |     1296361      4.07%     98.13% |       24964      0.08%     98.21% |       31092      0.10%     98.30% |       33513      0.11%     98.41% |       45685      0.14%     98.55% |       59874      0.19%     98.74% |      115698      0.36%     99.10% |      285855      0.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31875582                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31875581                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              23.987260                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.871177                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            133.630779                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31733858     99.56%     99.56% |      123392      0.39%     99.94% |       14250      0.04%     99.99% |        3403      0.01%    100.00% |         615      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31875581                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29955145                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000181                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000156                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013460                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29949720     99.98%     99.98% |        5424      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29955145                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1920436                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        351.345732                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       206.318982                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       427.038040                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1778713     92.62%     92.62% |      123392      6.43%     99.05% |       14250      0.74%     99.79% |        3403      0.18%     99.96% |         615      0.03%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1920436                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         134706                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       134706                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          208                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          108                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          131                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          103                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     23038675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1173374                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     24212049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6915167                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125756                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7040923                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       330636                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44948                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       120335                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085605                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70095                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          159                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        12189                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77659                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        12033                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          154                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77670                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        12032                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          173                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        82515                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        82688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        12844                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        12190                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          172                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77652                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        11984                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          156                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        72804                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        72960                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        11586                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        12172                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       124992                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50885                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175877                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40612                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58043                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17399                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58048                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40612                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54927                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40661                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51916                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40642                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51350                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40630                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51866                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40577                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50395                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14125                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54753                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40636                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52651                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40654                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53745                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57401                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40631                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52768                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17060                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26521                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40680                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40611                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61600                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40564                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56676                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16561                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57216                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40706                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55292                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55807                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40560                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57019                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40577                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59620                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19807                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40599                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40597                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40576                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22512                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63073                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40563                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40522                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53692                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40576                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49715                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40583                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49317                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14521                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40650                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55171                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40595                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55052                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18681695                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18681695                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18946613                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18681695                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7820094                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7804319                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18681695                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.071470                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7688890                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7688890                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7919956                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7688890                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3634357                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3615950                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7688890                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.029415                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5810640                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5810640                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6079307                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5810640                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2341507                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2318572                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5810640                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.022230                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4848758                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4848758                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5108993                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4848758                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2026182                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2008322                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4848758                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018550                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6751349                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6751349                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7022138                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6751349                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3209179                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3166385                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6751349                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.025829                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6781338                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6781338                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7055666                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6781338                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3149188                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3128118                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6781338                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025943                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7583549                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7583549                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7924006                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7583549                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2874903                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2850237                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7583549                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029012                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4963996                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4963996                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5284681                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4963996                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2037585                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2014548                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4963996                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.018991                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3255249                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3255249                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3393108                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3255249                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1414050                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1399997                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3255249                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012454                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4506663                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4506663                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4729916                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4506663                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2102766                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2078883                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4506663                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017241                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3132339                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3132339                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3225158                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3132339                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1264608                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1258335                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3132339                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.011983                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2723660                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2723660                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2746837                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2723660                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1087087                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1086196                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2723660                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.010420                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3796840                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3796840                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3830541                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3796840                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1679942                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1678896                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3796840                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014526                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2890781                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2890781                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2916449                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2890781                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1168485                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1167609                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2890781                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011059                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1683832                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1683832                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1708302                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1683832                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       656324                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       655408                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1683832                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006442                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2497529                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2497529                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2541274                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2497529                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       987985                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       985825                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2497529                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009555                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3515008                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3515008                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3564157                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3515008                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1299221                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1296916                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3515008                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013447                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2672573                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2672573                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2724767                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2672573                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1025141                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1022389                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2672573                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010224                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2670537                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2670537                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2737291                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2670537                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1071336                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1066625                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2670537                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010217                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1584429                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1584429                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1602812                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584429                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       628332                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627629                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1584429                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006062                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1449457                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1449457                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1453725                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1449457                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       631938                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       631853                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1449457                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005545                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2050888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2050888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2056751                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2050888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       957337                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956756                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2050888                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007846                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1704033                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1704033                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1710904                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1704033                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       742840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       742701                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1704033                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006519                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1059667                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1059667                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1059667                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1059667                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433975                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433975                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1059667                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004054                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1392713                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1392713                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1397374                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1392713                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       580048                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       579957                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1392713                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005328                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1883586                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1883586                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1889522                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1883586                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       863378                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       862890                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1883586                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007206                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1638617                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1638617                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1645516                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1638617                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       702504                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       702393                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1638617                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006269                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1060907                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1060907                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1060907                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1060907                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       431887                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       431887                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1060907                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004059                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6119859                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6119859                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6507843                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6119859                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2501253                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2489787                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6119859                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023413                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6138588                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6138588                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6430674                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6138588                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2481675                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2467176                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6138588                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023484                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6264924                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6264924                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6612343                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6264924                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2496068                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2482072                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6264924                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.023968                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6416612                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6416612                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6743883                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6416612                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2589774                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2570900                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6416612                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024548                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9909324     27.97%     27.97% |    23711883     66.92%     94.89% |     1812246      5.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35433453                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9909324     27.97%     27.97% |    23711883     66.92%     94.89% |     1812246      5.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35433453                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   322251810                       |   576106482                       |    40183116                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   201750905                       |    95204323                       |     1812251                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.520060                       |   24.296108                       |   22.173102                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   20.359704                       |    4.015047                       |    1.000003                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.487439                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     8.431791                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         34.919230                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002120                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.046265      7.09%      7.09% |    0.046157      7.07%     14.16% |    0.046105      7.06%     21.22% |    0.045931      7.04%     28.25% |    0.109766     16.81%     45.07% |    0.107358     16.44%     61.51% |    0.109669     16.80%     78.31% |    0.107243     16.43%     94.74% |    0.008591      1.32%     96.05% |    0.008592      1.32%     97.37% |    0.008594      1.32%     98.68% |    0.008593      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.652866                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016166                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028939                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001246                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001099                       |    0.001173                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004933                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001881                       |    0.001966                       |    0.001980                       |    0.001898                       |    0.001809                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001936                       |    0.001926                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001929                       |    0.001861                       |    0.001845                       |    0.001858                       |    0.001825                       |    0.001924                       |    0.001876                       |    0.001903                       |    0.001988                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002083                       |    0.001970                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001939                       |    0.001952                       |    0.001973                       |    0.002035                       |    0.002049                       |    0.002237                       |    0.002113                       |    0.007689                       |    0.007452                       |    0.007451                       |    0.007444                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000195                       |    0.000711                       |    0.000065                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000064                       |    0.000073                       |    0.000064                       |    0.000068                       |    0.000054                       |    0.000060                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002116                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002087                       |    0.001249                       |    0.001669                       |    0.002024                       |    0.000054                       |    0.002331                       |    0.004679                       |    0.001697                       |           0                       |    0.002146                       |    0.005706                       |           0                       |    0.004997                       |    0.008162                       |    0.002401                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001993                       |    0.000065                       |    0.004942                       |    0.003840                       |    0.009609                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002052                       |    0.000069                       |    0.007666                       |    0.004169                       |    0.002813                       |           0                       |    0.002163                       |    0.005477                       |           0                       |    0.008156                       |    0.004579                       |    0.003109                       |           0                       |    0.002036                       |           0                       |    0.003912                       |    0.002295                       |    0.002178                       |           0                       |    0.002096                       |           0                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001250                       |           0                       |    0.002263                       |           0                       |    0.001127                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002244                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002010                       |    0.000060                       |    0.002280                       |    0.004194                       |    0.004865                       |    0.002052                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002070                       |    0.000064                       |    0.004068                       |    0.008307                       |    0.006546                       |    0.002993                       |    0.029397                       |    0.004370                       |    0.000195                       |    0.003283                       |    0.013634                       |    0.016787                       |    0.003805                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002109                       |    0.000711                       |    0.003346                       |    0.006108                       |    0.013368                       |    0.003774                       |    0.001892                       |    0.001982                       |    0.000073                       |    0.005902                       |    0.005014                       |    0.007474                       |    0.003607                       |           0                       |    0.001965                       |           0                       |    0.001929                       |    0.003800                       |    0.003867                       |    0.002965                       |           0                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001051                       |    0.001939                       |    0.002165                       |           0                       |    0.002161                       |           0                       |    0.000191                       |    0.002083                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |    0.002091                       |           0                       |    0.001866                       |    0.002191                       |    0.003871                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.002360                       |    0.005477                       |           0                       |    0.001712                       |    0.004985                       |    0.007505                       |    0.001928                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001909                       |    0.000064                       |    0.015139                       |    0.004925                       |    0.003179                       |    0.002016                       |    0.001780                       |    0.001910                       |    0.000068                       |    0.002091                       |    0.007461                       |    0.003707                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.002211                       |    0.005474                       |           0                       |    0.002449                       |    0.008105                       |    0.004298                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.001937                       |           0                       |    0.001073                       |    0.003797                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |    0.000151                       |    0.001952                       |    0.002085                       |           0                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001970                       |           0                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.000862                       |           0                       |    0.003616                       |           0                       |    0.001928                       |           0                       |    0.002491                       |    0.000649                       |    0.004487                       |           0                       |    0.002016                       |           0                       |    0.007194                       |    0.002186                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |    0.005020                       |    0.002342                       |           0                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.003880                       |    0.004325                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003961                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002085                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001973                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.652866                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6742647                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6742647                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392142                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4199634                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3564027                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.865181                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          497177                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30340                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13667551                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84178                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18900802                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182131                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13751729                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19082933                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32568353                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266309                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              32834662                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7048155                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7057805                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7048155                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7057805                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                257643785                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24243055                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50662812                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6742647                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4061204                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             227812551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908600                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       427655                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340468                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7047481                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217769                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    253616848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.360061                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.510882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        236683305     93.32%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2300427      0.91%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1304121      0.51%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1052520      0.42%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1854622      0.73%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1498041      0.59%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1153043      0.45%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           741716      0.29%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7029053      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    253616848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026170                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.196639                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11999215                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     228773582                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6897013                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5492731                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454300                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86688660                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454300                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14326600                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122721060                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15552617                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9920601                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90641663                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84609955                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2131684                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83714234                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     204458327                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    133484907                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      71481310                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12232911                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389230                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395074                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40197227                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7107551                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19278215                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       782029                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       591159                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82898310                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       480809                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87217983                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320014                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9372053                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14508901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       129002                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    253616848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.343897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.031389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216611402     85.41%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14117274      5.57%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11422572      4.50%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3572388      1.41%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3339093      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2318078      0.91%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394770      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507149      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334122      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    253616848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135435     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928757     76.10%     87.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156281     12.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574090      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53551068     61.40%     62.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13855980     15.89%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19128489     21.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87217983                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.338522                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220473                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013993                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    429593263                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92760146                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78948446                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87864347                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1241785                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340548                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2709                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9252                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752075                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7813774                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454300                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5092459                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115437606                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83379119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128478                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7107551                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19278215                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       471797                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73174                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9252                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137197                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       334945                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472142                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86509319                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13657051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443543                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32579008                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5318073                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18921957                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.335771                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79065353                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              78948458                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35249800                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          55642862                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.306425                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.633501                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9630008                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       351807                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405751                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252034163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.292609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.023673                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    221240449     87.78%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11355731      4.51%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11521231      4.57%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3045414      1.21%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1343475      0.53%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       494306      0.20%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674453      0.27%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551865      0.22%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1807239      0.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252034163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42717306                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       73747550                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24293142                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5767002                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4845282                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73134547                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       411607                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49024501     66.48%     66.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5767002      7.82%     74.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18526140     25.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     73747550                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1807239                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333402124                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168343752                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86500                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4026937                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42717306                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              73747550                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       6.031368                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 6.031368                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.165800                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.165800                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        138964711                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54066739                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27193071                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22543787                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43709221                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1361310500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1361310500.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5502472                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        45.263165                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.339520                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       74.123111                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5203829     94.57%     94.57% |      149367      2.71%     97.29% |       74980      1.36%     98.65% |       39702      0.72%     99.37% |       20677      0.38%     99.75% |        9299      0.17%     99.92% |        3686      0.07%     99.98% |         790      0.01%    100.00% |         142      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5502472                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6313803                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.008304                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.675351                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.792344                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4369061     69.20%     69.20% |     1916046     30.35%     99.55% |       25590      0.41%     99.95% |        2656      0.04%     99.99% |         414      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6313803                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18002                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.345962                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.030649                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.153135                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         617      3.43%      3.43% |        2078     11.54%     14.97% |        8151     45.28%     60.25% |        4268     23.71%     83.96% |        2859     15.88%     99.84% |          27      0.15%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18002                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5865854                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           68.854749                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.309966                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         258.390455                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5758455     98.17%     98.17% |       93332      1.59%     99.76% |       10776      0.18%     99.94% |        2743      0.05%     99.99% |         508      0.01%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5865854                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5133488                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000697                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000602                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026406                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5129909     99.93%     99.93% |        3578      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5133488                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       732366                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     530.455891                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    290.148147                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    539.706221                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      624967     85.34%     85.34% |       93332     12.74%     98.08% |       10776      1.47%     99.55% |        2743      0.37%     99.93% |         508      0.07%     99.99% |          40      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        732366                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18673917                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.406354                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.771294                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          92.668470                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18639622     99.82%     99.82% |       30032      0.16%     99.98% |        3474      0.02%    100.00% |         660      0.00%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18673917                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17640273                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000085                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009905                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17638542     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17640273                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033644                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     263.264966                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    187.122359                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    301.916172                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      999349     96.68%     96.68% |       30032      2.91%     99.59% |        3474      0.34%     99.92% |         660      0.06%     99.99% |         106      0.01%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033644                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7040923                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.526789                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.178947                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.347522                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7040603    100.00%    100.00% |         292      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7040923                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6915167                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6915165    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6915167                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125756                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.483007                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.897039                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    65.943668                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      125436     99.75%     99.75% |         292      0.23%     99.98% |          17      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125756                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.917123                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168707                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.701796                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287276     97.85%     97.85% |        4935      1.68%     99.53% |        1115      0.38%     99.91% |         132      0.04%     99.96% |          63      0.02%     99.98% |          50      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264828     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.653841                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.348221                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.644378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4935     17.23%     95.22% |        1115      3.89%     99.11% |         132      0.46%     99.57% |          63      0.22%     99.79% |          50      0.17%     99.97% |           9      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12706                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1272922                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        38195                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    72313                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    72351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    72461                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    76874                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    72325                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    72449                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    67757                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    72344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   5543                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   5505                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   5395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   5846                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   5531                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   5407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   5235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   5512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    16233                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    16090                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    16107                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    17089                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    16232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    16028                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    15353                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    16239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                82720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                72992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1068391                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 1032366                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 1068947                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1083555                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1071834                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 1015169                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1138001                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 1136389                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   62864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   55472                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  19856                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  17520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                55262                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                55295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                55397                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                58780                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                55295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                55388                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                51798                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                55361                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               3906                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               3873                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               3771                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               4084                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               3873                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               3780                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               3674                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               3807                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               17051                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               17056                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               17064                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               18094                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               17030                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               17061                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               15959                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               16983                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              1637                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              1632                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              1624                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              1762                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              1658                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              1627                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              1561                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              1705                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2543348                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2561830                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2558493                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2616816                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2580767                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2543582                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2528654                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2589912                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     816                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     720                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2391250                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2406943                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2398449                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2452767                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2427097                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2385941                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2380684                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2432595                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             514352                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             453840                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               824822                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               827626                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               832544                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               859860                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               824977                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               833302                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               837133                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               841273                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2391250                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2406943                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2398449                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2452767                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2427097                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2385941                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2380684                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2432595                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        514352                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        453840                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          824822                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          827626                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          832544                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          859860                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          824977                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          833302                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          837133                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          841273                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2482836                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2501318                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2497981                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2552522                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2520255                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2483070                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2471924                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2529400                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2520928                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2537070                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2538340                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2598311                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2568212                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2523680                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2504615                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2560535                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1597                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1603                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1682                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1604                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1498                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1590                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              4764                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4868                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5169                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4725                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              4876                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              4343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             10499                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             11542                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             10338                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             12114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             10352                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             11444                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              8168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              9348                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          763976                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          719767                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          778468                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          776469                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          780577                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          713711                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          882285                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          857696                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335218     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.41% |      324951     24.81%     75.21% |      324632     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309790                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205786     25.93%     25.93% |      195970     24.69%     50.62% |      195973     24.69%     75.31% |      195951     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       793680                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335243     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.41% |      324951     24.81%     75.22% |      324632     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309815                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211602     25.90%     25.90% |      201792     24.70%     50.60% |      201798     24.70%     75.30% |      201778     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       816970                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121240     25.08%     25.08% |      120827     25.00%     50.08% |      120786     24.99%     75.07% |      120489     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       483342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335218     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.41% |      324951     24.81%     75.21% |      324632     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309790                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205549     25.92%     25.92% |      195792     24.69%     50.62% |      195798     24.69%     75.31% |      195778     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       792917                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121240     25.08%     25.08% |      120827     25.00%     50.08% |      120786     24.99%     75.07% |      120489     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       483342                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335218     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.41% |      324951     24.81%     75.21% |      324632     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309790                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205549     25.92%     25.92% |      195792     24.69%     50.62% |      195798     24.69%     75.31% |      195778     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       792917                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5398431     91.94%     91.94% |          17      0.00%     91.94% |       59142      1.01%     92.95% |       59148      1.01%     93.96% |       59147      1.01%     94.96% |       62839      1.07%     96.03% |       59145      1.01%     97.04% |       59148      1.01%     98.05% |       55448      0.94%     98.99% |       59149      1.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5871614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7040985    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7040985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18823514     99.21%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |       18688      0.10%     99.31% |       18688      0.10%     99.41% |       18688      0.10%     99.51% |       19856      0.10%     99.61% |       18688      0.10%     99.71% |       18688      0.10%     99.81% |       17520      0.09%     99.90% |       18688      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     18973018                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17951     99.84%     99.84% |          17      0.09%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.01%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           4      0.02%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           4      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17979                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297097     67.75%     67.75% |           0      0.00%     67.75% |       77173      4.03%     71.79% |       77167      4.03%     75.82% |       77165      4.03%     79.85% |       82016      4.28%     84.13% |       77161      4.03%     88.16% |       77166      4.03%     92.19% |       72300      3.78%     95.97% |       77166      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1914411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           4     19.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      260117     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58979      8.06%     43.60% |       58972      8.06%     51.66% |       58983      8.06%     59.71% |       62657      8.56%     68.27% |       58975      8.06%     76.33% |       58968      8.06%     84.39% |       55283      7.55%     91.94% |       58974      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           4     19.05%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038991     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |       18686      1.57%     88.99% |       18687      1.57%     90.57% |       18687      1.57%     92.14% |       19854      1.67%     93.81% |       18687      1.57%     95.38% |       18684      1.57%     96.95% |       17520      1.47%     98.43% |       18688      1.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170611     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77153      4.32%     69.79% |       77146      4.32%     74.11% |       77158      4.32%     78.42% |       81999      4.59%     83.01% |       77150      4.32%     87.33% |       77139      4.31%     91.64% |       72291      4.04%     95.68% |       77145      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1787792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259972     35.53%     35.53% |          17      0.00%     35.53% |       58979      8.06%     43.59% |       58972      8.06%     51.65% |       58983      8.06%     59.71% |       62661      8.56%     68.27% |       58975      8.06%     76.33% |       58968      8.06%     84.39% |       55284      7.55%     91.94% |       58974      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731785                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122047    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912765     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18686      1.76%     87.69% |       18687      1.76%     89.45% |       18687      1.76%     91.20% |       19854      1.87%     93.07% |       18687      1.76%     94.83% |       18684      1.76%     96.59% |       17520      1.65%     98.24% |       18688      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           4      0.04%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.01%     99.95% |           1      0.01%     99.96% |           4      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         581    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          581                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3709    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3709                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1660     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           1      0.06%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1662                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6915167    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6915167                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4654     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121499                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2533119     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |         157      0.01%     99.96% |         164      0.01%     99.96% |         153      0.01%     99.97% |         171      0.01%     99.97% |         161      0.01%     99.98% |         168      0.01%     99.99% |         156      0.01%     99.99% |         162      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2534411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1975     99.90%     99.90% |           1      0.05%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194948     29.37%     29.37% |           0      0.00%     29.37% |       58613      8.83%     38.20% |       58613      8.83%     47.02% |       58617      8.83%     55.85% |       62307      9.39%     65.24% |       58625      8.83%     74.07% |       58601      8.83%     82.90% |       54917      8.27%     91.17% |       58612      8.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       663853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2591878    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2591878                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    17843351    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     17843362                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         262    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975663     86.81%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |       18540      1.65%     88.46% |       18533      1.65%     90.11% |       18541      1.65%     91.76% |       19692      1.75%     93.51% |       18525      1.65%     95.16% |       18538      1.65%     96.81% |       17374      1.55%     98.35% |       18533      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1123939                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     96.55%     96.55% |           0      0.00%     96.55% |          20      0.58%     97.13% |          19      0.56%     97.69% |           5      0.15%     97.84% |          13      0.38%     98.22% |          11      0.32%     98.54% |          26      0.76%     99.30% |           8      0.23%     99.53% |          16      0.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      260117     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58979      8.06%     43.60% |       58972      8.06%     51.66% |       58983      8.06%     59.71% |       62657      8.56%     68.27% |       58975      8.06%     76.33% |       58968      8.06%     84.39% |       55283      7.55%     91.94% |       58974      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           4     19.05%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35     92.11%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           1      2.63%     94.74% |           2      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           38                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912799     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18686      1.76%     87.69% |       18687      1.76%     89.45% |       18687      1.76%     91.20% |       19854      1.87%     93.07% |       18687      1.76%     94.83% |       18684      1.76%     96.59% |       17520      1.65%     98.24% |       18688      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     98.65%     98.65% |           0      0.00%     98.65% |           6      0.10%     98.75% |          12      0.21%     98.96% |          11      0.19%     99.15% |           7      0.12%     99.27% |           9      0.16%     99.43% |          12      0.21%     99.64% |           8      0.14%     99.77% |          13      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170611     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77153      4.32%     69.79% |       77146      4.32%     74.11% |       77158      4.32%     78.42% |       81999      4.59%     83.01% |       77150      4.32%     87.33% |       77139      4.31%     91.64% |       72291      4.04%     95.68% |       77144      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1787791                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3726      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.74%     11.55% |        3612      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3750      2.98%     20.65% |        3354      2.67%     23.32% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.51% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.99% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3138      2.49%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3587      2.85%     69.87% |        3421      2.72%     72.59% |        3732      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.61% |        3296      2.62%     81.23% |        4704      3.74%     84.97% |        4115      3.27%     88.24% |        5237      4.16%     92.40% |        5088      4.04%     96.45% |        4468      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125796                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114290     15.61%     15.61% |       20776      2.84%     18.44% |       18700      2.55%     21.00% |       21405      2.92%     23.92% |       20937      2.86%     26.78% |       19805      2.70%     29.48% |       18237      2.49%     31.97% |       18195      2.48%     34.45% |       20754      2.83%     37.29% |       19035      2.60%     39.89% |       22383      3.06%     42.94% |       20506      2.80%     45.74% |       19006      2.60%     48.34% |       18495      2.53%     50.86% |       18188      2.48%     53.35% |       18196      2.48%     55.83% |       20274      2.77%     58.60% |       18688      2.55%     61.15% |       18870      2.58%     63.73% |       19909      2.72%     66.45% |       19864      2.71%     69.16% |       26168      3.57%     72.73% |       23100      3.15%     75.89% |       19559      2.67%     78.56% |       19490      2.66%     81.22% |       18929      2.58%     83.80% |       18454      2.52%     86.32% |       18170      2.48%     88.80% |       20082      2.74%     91.54% |       19394      2.65%     94.19% |       21155      2.89%     97.08% |       21379      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       732393                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57707      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30799      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30306      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34685      3.27%     63.16% |       37257      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33993      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062322                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171676      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52805      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51349      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.84% |       53860      3.01%     37.85% |       50842      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47693      2.67%     48.67% |       46424      2.60%     51.26% |       50374      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53822      3.01%     62.57% |       54319      3.04%     65.60% |       63148      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.34% |       53281      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58402      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1787799                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34199      4.31%      4.31% |       24452      3.08%      7.40% |       24469      3.09%     10.49% |       24462      3.09%     13.57% |       24451      3.08%     16.66% |       24450      3.08%     19.74% |       24455      3.08%     22.82% |       24456      3.08%     25.91% |       24475      3.09%     29.00% |       24476      3.09%     32.08% |       24476      3.09%     35.17% |       24483      3.09%     38.26% |       24463      3.09%     41.35% |       24470      3.09%     44.43% |       24466      3.09%     47.52% |       24461      3.09%     50.60% |       24488      3.09%     53.69% |       24478      3.09%     56.78% |       24485      3.09%     59.87% |       24480      3.09%     62.96% |       24467      3.09%     66.04% |       24487      3.09%     69.13% |       24478      3.09%     72.22% |       24468      3.09%     75.31% |       24483      3.09%     78.40% |       24477      3.09%     81.48% |       24470      3.09%     84.57% |       24464      3.09%     87.66% |       24470      3.09%     90.74% |       24453      3.08%     93.83% |       24463      3.09%     96.91% |       24465      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       792740                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15567      3.22%      3.22% |       15112      3.13%      6.34% |       15115      3.13%      9.47% |       15088      3.12%     12.59% |       15066      3.12%     15.71% |       15027      3.11%     18.82% |       15074      3.12%     21.93% |       15080      3.12%     25.05% |       15128      3.13%     28.18% |       15072      3.12%     31.30% |       15127      3.13%     34.43% |       15083      3.12%     37.55% |       15152      3.13%     40.68% |       15126      3.13%     43.81% |       15118      3.13%     46.93% |       15070      3.12%     50.05% |       15094      3.12%     53.17% |       15111      3.13%     56.30% |       15122      3.13%     59.43% |       15056      3.11%     62.54% |       15097      3.12%     65.66% |       15146      3.13%     68.79% |       15087      3.12%     71.91% |       15051      3.11%     75.03% |       15127      3.13%     78.16% |       15182      3.14%     81.30% |       15113      3.13%     84.42% |       15051      3.11%     87.53% |       15062      3.12%     90.65% |       15100      3.12%     93.77% |       15066      3.12%     96.89% |       15049      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       483519                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50878      3.88%      3.88% |       40612      3.10%      6.99% |       40630      3.10%     10.09% |       40596      3.10%     13.19% |       40562      3.10%     16.28% |       40522      3.09%     19.38% |       40575      3.10%     22.47% |       40582      3.10%     25.57% |       40649      3.10%     28.68% |       40594      3.10%     31.78% |       40648      3.10%     34.88% |       40611      3.10%     37.98% |       40660      3.10%     41.08% |       40641      3.10%     44.19% |       40629      3.10%     47.29% |       40576      3.10%     50.39% |       40627      3.10%     53.49% |       40635      3.10%     56.59% |       40653      3.10%     59.70% |       40582      3.10%     62.79% |       40610      3.10%     65.89% |       40680      3.11%     69.00% |       40611      3.10%     72.10% |       40564      3.10%     75.20% |       40655      3.10%     78.30% |       40706      3.11%     81.41% |       40629      3.10%     84.51% |       40560      3.10%     87.61% |       40577      3.10%     90.71% |       40599      3.10%     93.81% |       40576      3.10%     96.90% |       40561      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309790                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49854      3.90%      3.90% |       39588      3.10%      7.00% |       39606      3.10%     10.11% |       39572      3.10%     13.20% |       39538      3.10%     16.30% |       39498      3.09%     19.39% |       39551      3.10%     22.49% |       39558      3.10%     25.59% |       39625      3.10%     28.69% |       39570      3.10%     31.79% |       39624      3.10%     34.89% |       39587      3.10%     37.99% |       39636      3.10%     41.10% |       39617      3.10%     44.20% |       39605      3.10%     47.30% |       39552      3.10%     50.40% |       39603      3.10%     53.50% |       39611      3.10%     56.60% |       39629      3.10%     59.70% |       39558      3.10%     62.80% |       39586      3.10%     65.90% |       39656      3.11%     69.01% |       39587      3.10%     72.11% |       39540      3.10%     75.20% |       39631      3.10%     78.31% |       39682      3.11%     81.41% |       39605      3.10%     84.51% |       39536      3.10%     87.61% |       39553      3.10%     90.71% |       39575      3.10%     93.81% |       39552      3.10%     96.90% |       39537      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1277022                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     20.14%     20.14% |           6      2.16%     22.30% |           9      3.24%     25.54% |           6      2.16%     27.70% |           7      2.52%     30.22% |           3      1.08%     31.29% |           4      1.44%     32.73% |           6      2.16%     34.89% |           6      2.16%     37.05% |           5      1.80%     38.85% |           8      2.88%     41.73% |           5      1.80%     43.53% |           7      2.52%     46.04% |           4      1.44%     47.48% |           5      1.80%     49.28% |           5      1.80%     51.08% |           5      1.80%     52.88% |           6      2.16%     55.04% |           9      3.24%     58.27% |           8      2.88%     61.15% |          23      8.27%     69.42% |          23      8.27%     77.70% |           5      1.80%     79.50% |           6      2.16%     81.65% |           6      2.16%     83.81% |           5      1.80%     85.61% |           6      2.16%     87.77% |           7      2.52%     90.29% |           8      2.88%     93.17% |           7      2.52%     95.68% |           7      2.52%     98.20% |           5      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          278                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         575      3.25%      3.25% |         521      2.94%      6.19% |         500      2.83%      9.02% |         506      2.86%     11.88% |         505      2.85%     14.73% |         491      2.77%     17.51% |         533      3.01%     20.52% |         546      3.09%     23.60% |         569      3.22%     26.82% |         499      2.82%     29.64% |         560      3.16%     32.80% |         561      3.17%     35.97% |         605      3.42%     39.39% |         586      3.31%     42.70% |         572      3.23%     45.94% |         556      3.14%     49.08% |         576      3.25%     52.33% |         595      3.36%     55.70% |         589      3.33%     59.02% |         536      3.03%     62.05% |         531      3.00%     65.05% |         611      3.45%     68.51% |         560      3.16%     71.67% |         531      3.00%     74.67% |         582      3.29%     77.96% |         639      3.61%     81.57% |         582      3.29%     84.86% |         536      3.03%     87.89% |         509      2.88%     90.77% |         570      3.22%     93.99% |         541      3.06%     97.04% |         523      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17696                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171930      9.58%      9.58% |       54296      3.03%     12.61% |       49291      2.75%     15.36% |       52996      2.95%     18.31% |       53510      2.98%     21.29% |       49516      2.76%     24.05% |       45957      2.56%     26.61% |       45965      2.56%     29.17% |       51548      2.87%     32.05% |       49817      2.78%     34.82% |       54068      3.01%     37.84% |       51037      2.84%     40.68% |       48295      2.69%     43.37% |       46923      2.62%     45.99% |       47889      2.67%     48.66% |       46624      2.60%     51.26% |       50571      2.82%     54.08% |       48377      2.70%     56.77% |       49909      2.78%     59.55% |       54016      3.01%     62.56% |       54532      3.04%     65.60% |       63393      3.53%     69.14% |       58010      3.23%     72.37% |       53250      2.97%     75.34% |       53477      2.98%     78.32% |       51446      2.87%     81.19% |       52510      2.93%     84.11% |       52312      2.92%     87.03% |       55514      3.09%     90.12% |       55171      3.07%     93.20% |       63470      3.54%     96.73% |       58603      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794223                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.69% |         510      3.25%     45.94% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.36% |         532      3.39%     55.75% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.20% |         473      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.55% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         518      3.30%     77.77% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         479      3.05%     87.83% |         457      2.91%     90.74% |         511      3.26%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25592      5.07%      5.07% |       15493      3.07%      8.15% |       15518      3.08%     11.22% |       15468      3.07%     14.29% |       15442      3.06%     17.35% |       15418      3.06%     20.41% |       15428      3.06%     23.47% |       15425      3.06%     26.52% |       15463      3.07%     29.59% |       15469      3.07%     32.66% |       15498      3.07%     35.73% |       15426      3.06%     38.79% |       15435      3.06%     41.85% |       15447      3.06%     44.91% |       15450      3.06%     47.97% |       15422      3.06%     51.03% |       15429      3.06%     54.09% |       15423      3.06%     57.15% |       15447      3.06%     60.21% |       15424      3.06%     63.27% |       15449      3.06%     66.33% |       15458      3.06%     69.40% |       15464      3.07%     72.46% |       15439      3.06%     75.52% |       15451      3.06%     78.59% |       15448      3.06%     81.65% |       15424      3.06%     84.71% |       15411      3.06%     87.76% |       15449      3.06%     90.83% |       15416      3.06%     93.88% |       15408      3.05%     96.94% |       15439      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       504373                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24783      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.39% |       24679      3.12%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.51% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24699      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789730                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         508      3.24%      3.24% |         455      2.90%      6.14% |         438      2.79%      8.93% |         449      2.86%     11.79% |         451      2.87%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.42% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.70% |         509      3.24%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.17% |         473      3.02%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.52% |         479      3.05%     71.58% |         452      2.88%     74.46% |         521      3.32%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.47% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         455      2.90%     90.76% |         510      3.25%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88631     38.95%     38.95% |        5262      2.31%     41.27% |        3168      1.39%     42.66% |        5909      2.60%     45.25% |        5484      2.41%     47.66% |        4301      1.89%     49.55% |        2791      1.23%     50.78% |        2762      1.21%     52.00% |        5286      2.32%     54.32% |        3565      1.57%     55.89% |        6868      3.02%     58.90% |        5073      2.23%     61.13% |        3567      1.57%     62.70% |        3043      1.34%     64.04% |        2703      1.19%     65.23% |        2770      1.22%     66.44% |        4836      2.13%     68.57% |        3258      1.43%     70.00% |        3360      1.48%     71.48% |        4467      1.96%     73.44% |        4415      1.94%     75.38% |       10690      4.70%     80.08% |        7632      3.35%     83.43% |        4112      1.81%     85.24% |        4032      1.77%     87.01% |        3481      1.53%     88.54% |        3029      1.33%     89.87% |        2756      1.21%     91.08% |        4628      2.03%     93.12% |        3977      1.75%     94.87% |        5742      2.52%     97.39% |        5938      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227536                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32920     12.08%     12.08% |        8872      3.26%     15.33% |        5926      2.17%     17.51% |        6937      2.55%     20.05% |        7914      2.90%     22.96% |        5123      1.88%     24.84% |        3063      1.12%     25.96% |        3112      1.14%     27.10% |        6117      2.24%     29.35% |        6102      2.24%     31.59% |        7039      2.58%     34.17% |        5850      2.15%     36.32% |        4613      1.69%     38.01% |        3762      1.38%     39.39% |        5065      1.86%     41.25% |        3770      1.38%     42.63% |        5623      2.06%     44.69% |        5016      1.84%     46.54% |        6418      2.35%     48.89% |        9445      3.47%     52.36% |        9979      3.66%     56.02% |       12546      4.60%     60.62% |       10244      3.76%     64.38% |        9025      3.31%     67.69% |        9307      3.41%     71.11% |        7836      2.88%     73.98% |        9373      3.44%     77.42% |        9474      3.48%     80.90% |       10761      3.95%     84.85% |       11106      4.08%     88.92% |       17638      6.47%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272534                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34197      4.31%      4.31% |       24448      3.08%      7.40% |       24463      3.09%     10.48% |       24458      3.09%     13.57% |       24449      3.08%     16.65% |       24443      3.08%     19.74% |       24450      3.08%     22.82% |       24455      3.09%     25.91% |       24474      3.09%     29.00% |       24474      3.09%     32.08% |       24472      3.09%     35.17% |       24481      3.09%     38.26% |       24460      3.09%     41.35% |       24469      3.09%     44.43% |       24464      3.09%     47.52% |       24460      3.09%     50.60% |       24487      3.09%     53.69% |       24477      3.09%     56.78% |       24481      3.09%     59.87% |       24479      3.09%     62.96% |       24464      3.09%     66.04% |       24482      3.09%     69.13% |       24474      3.09%     72.22% |       24466      3.09%     75.31% |       24482      3.09%     78.40% |       24474      3.09%     81.48% |       24469      3.09%     84.57% |       24462      3.09%     87.66% |       24466      3.09%     90.74% |       24450      3.08%     93.83% |       24461      3.09%     96.91% |       24463      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       792654                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14992      3.22%      3.22% |       14589      3.13%      6.35% |       14613      3.14%      9.49% |       14581      3.13%     12.62% |       14557      3.13%     15.75% |       14540      3.12%     18.87% |       14543      3.12%     21.99% |       14530      3.12%     25.11% |       14555      3.13%     28.24% |       14571      3.13%     31.37% |       14564      3.13%     34.49% |       14520      3.12%     37.61% |       14544      3.12%     40.73% |       14538      3.12%     43.86% |       14544      3.12%     46.98% |       14511      3.12%     50.09% |       14515      3.12%     53.21% |       14512      3.12%     56.33% |       14529      3.12%     59.45% |       14513      3.12%     62.56% |       14546      3.12%     65.69% |       14517      3.12%     68.80% |       14526      3.12%     71.92% |       14516      3.12%     75.04% |       14540      3.12%     78.16% |       14541      3.12%     81.29% |       14526      3.12%     84.40% |       14510      3.12%     87.52% |       14549      3.12%     90.64% |       14526      3.12%     93.76% |       14520      3.12%     96.88% |       14523      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       465701                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171668      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52805      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51349      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.84% |       53860      3.01%     37.85% |       50842      2.84%     40.69% |       48105      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47693      2.67%     48.67% |       46424      2.60%     51.26% |       50374      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53822      3.01%     62.57% |       54319      3.04%     65.60% |       63148      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.34% |       53281      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58402      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1787791                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.85%      1.85% |           2      3.70%      5.56% |           4      7.41%     12.96% |           2      3.70%     16.67% |           1      1.85%     18.52% |           5      9.26%     27.78% |           2      3.70%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           3      5.56%     37.04% |           1      1.85%     38.89% |           1      1.85%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           2      3.70%     44.44% |           1      1.85%     46.30% |           2      3.70%     50.00% |           5      9.26%     59.26% |           4      7.41%     66.67% |           2      3.70%     70.37% |           1      1.85%     72.22% |           2      3.70%     75.93% |           1      1.85%     77.78% |           2      3.70%     81.48% |           4      7.41%     88.89% |           3      5.56%     94.44% |           2      3.70%     98.15% |           1      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          67      3.14%      3.14% |          68      3.19%      6.34% |          64      3.00%      9.34% |          58      2.72%     12.06% |          58      2.72%     14.78% |          55      2.58%     17.36% |          59      2.77%     20.13% |          60      2.82%     22.95% |          69      3.24%     26.18% |          59      2.77%     28.95% |          75      3.52%     32.47% |          64      3.00%     35.48% |          59      2.77%     38.24% |          66      3.10%     41.34% |          65      3.05%     44.39% |          69      3.24%     47.63% |          66      3.10%     50.73% |          67      3.14%     53.87% |          64      3.00%     56.87% |          63      2.96%     59.83% |          78      3.66%     63.49% |         105      4.93%     68.42% |          82      3.85%     72.27% |          83      3.89%     76.16% |          66      3.10%     79.26% |          62      2.91%     82.17% |          63      2.96%     85.12% |          63      2.96%     88.08% |          58      2.72%     90.80% |          64      3.00%     93.81% |          61      2.86%     96.67% |          71      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2131                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     25.00%     25.00% |          10     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |          14     35.00%     85.00% |           2      5.00%     90.00% |           4     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           40                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           5     21.74%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           3     13.04%     34.78% |           1      4.35%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      4.35%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           8     34.78%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           3     13.04%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      5.88%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |           0      0.00%      5.88% |          15     88.24%     94.12% |           1      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49854      3.90%      3.90% |       39588      3.10%      7.00% |       39606      3.10%     10.11% |       39572      3.10%     13.20% |       39538      3.10%     16.30% |       39498      3.09%     19.39% |       39551      3.10%     22.49% |       39558      3.10%     25.59% |       39625      3.10%     28.69% |       39570      3.10%     31.79% |       39624      3.10%     34.89% |       39587      3.10%     37.99% |       39636      3.10%     41.10% |       39617      3.10%     44.20% |       39605      3.10%     47.30% |       39552      3.10%     50.40% |       39603      3.10%     53.50% |       39611      3.10%     56.60% |       39629      3.10%     59.70% |       39558      3.10%     62.80% |       39586      3.10%     65.90% |       39656      3.11%     69.01% |       39587      3.10%     72.11% |       39540      3.10%     75.20% |       39631      3.10%     78.31% |       39682      3.11%     81.41% |       39605      3.10%     84.51% |       39536      3.10%     87.61% |       39553      3.10%     90.71% |       39575      3.10%     93.81% |       39552      3.10%     96.90% |       39537      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1277022                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     62.35%     62.35% |           1      1.18%     63.53% |           3      3.53%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           2      2.35%     69.41% |           0      0.00%     69.41% |           1      1.18%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2      2.35%     72.94% |           1      1.18%     74.12% |           2      2.35%     76.47% |           2      2.35%     78.82% |           2      2.35%     81.18% |           1      1.18%     82.35% |           1      1.18%     83.53% |           1      1.18%     84.71% |           1      1.18%     85.88% |           2      2.35%     88.24% |           4      4.71%     92.94% |           3      3.53%     96.47% |           2      2.35%     98.82% |           1      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     15.38%     15.38% |          11     84.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      1.69%      1.69% |           5      2.82%      4.52% |           5      2.82%      7.34% |           5      2.82%     10.17% |           6      3.39%     13.56% |           3      1.69%     15.25% |           3      1.69%     16.95% |           5      2.82%     19.77% |           5      2.82%     22.60% |           4      2.26%     24.86% |           5      2.82%     27.68% |           4      2.26%     29.94% |           5      2.82%     32.77% |           3      1.69%     34.46% |           4      2.26%     36.72% |           4      2.26%     38.98% |           4      2.26%     41.24% |           5      2.82%     44.07% |           6      3.39%     47.46% |           7      3.95%     51.41% |          21     11.86%     63.28% |          21     11.86%     75.14% |           3      1.69%     76.84% |           5      2.82%     79.66% |           5      2.82%     82.49% |           4      2.26%     84.75% |           5      2.82%     87.57% |           5      2.82%     90.40% |           4      2.26%     92.66% |           4      2.26%     94.92% |           5      2.82%     97.74% |           4      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          177                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          64      3.28%      3.28% |          63      3.22%      6.50% |          59      3.02%      9.52% |          53      2.71%     12.23% |          52      2.66%     14.89% |          52      2.66%     17.55% |          56      2.87%     20.42% |          55      2.81%     23.23% |          64      3.28%     26.51% |          55      2.81%     29.32% |          70      3.58%     32.91% |          60      3.07%     35.98% |          54      2.76%     38.74% |          63      3.22%     41.97% |          61      3.12%     45.09% |          65      3.33%     48.41% |          62      3.17%     51.59% |          62      3.17%     54.76% |          58      2.97%     57.73% |          56      2.87%     60.59% |          57      2.92%     63.51% |          84      4.30%     67.81% |          79      4.04%     71.85% |          78      3.99%     75.84% |          61      3.12%     78.97% |          58      2.97%     81.93% |          58      2.97%     84.90% |          58      2.97%     87.87% |          54      2.76%     90.63% |          60      3.07%     93.71% |          56      2.87%     96.57% |          67      3.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1954                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         508      3.24%      3.24% |         455      2.90%      6.14% |         438      2.79%      8.93% |         449      2.86%     11.79% |         451      2.87%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.42% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.55% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.70% |         509      3.24%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.17% |         473      3.02%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.52% |         479      3.05%     71.58% |         452      2.88%     74.46% |         521      3.32%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.47% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         455      2.90%     90.76% |         510      3.25%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25592      5.07%      5.07% |       15493      3.07%      8.15% |       15518      3.08%     11.22% |       15468      3.07%     14.29% |       15442      3.06%     17.35% |       15418      3.06%     20.41% |       15428      3.06%     23.47% |       15425      3.06%     26.52% |       15463      3.07%     29.59% |       15469      3.07%     32.66% |       15498      3.07%     35.73% |       15426      3.06%     38.79% |       15435      3.06%     41.85% |       15447      3.06%     44.91% |       15450      3.06%     47.97% |       15422      3.06%     51.03% |       15429      3.06%     54.09% |       15423      3.06%     57.15% |       15447      3.06%     60.21% |       15424      3.06%     63.27% |       15449      3.06%     66.33% |       15458      3.06%     69.40% |       15464      3.07%     72.46% |       15439      3.06%     75.52% |       15451      3.06%     78.59% |       15448      3.06%     81.65% |       15424      3.06%     84.71% |       15411      3.06%     87.76% |       15449      3.06%     90.83% |       15416      3.06%     93.88% |       15408      3.05%     96.94% |       15439      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       504373                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.69% |         510      3.25%     45.94% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.36% |         532      3.39%     55.75% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.20% |         473      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.55% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         518      3.30%     77.77% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         479      3.05%     87.83% |         457      2.91%     90.74% |         511      3.26%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15687                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24783      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.39% |       24679      3.12%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.51% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24699      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789730                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171928      9.58%      9.58% |       54292      3.03%     12.61% |       49286      2.75%     15.36% |       52993      2.95%     18.31% |       53510      2.98%     21.29% |       49516      2.76%     24.05% |       45957      2.56%     26.61% |       45965      2.56%     29.17% |       51547      2.87%     32.05% |       49816      2.78%     34.82% |       54068      3.01%     37.84% |       51036      2.84%     40.68% |       48289      2.69%     43.37% |       46923      2.62%     45.99% |       47887      2.67%     48.66% |       46624      2.60%     51.26% |       50571      2.82%     54.08% |       48377      2.70%     56.77% |       49902      2.78%     59.55% |       54011      3.01%     62.56% |       54531      3.04%     65.60% |       63393      3.53%     69.14% |       58010      3.23%     72.37% |       53250      2.97%     75.34% |       53476      2.98%     78.32% |       51445      2.87%     81.19% |       52509      2.93%     84.11% |       52311      2.92%     87.03% |       55509      3.09%     90.12% |       55171      3.08%     93.20% |       63469      3.54%     96.73% |       58603      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794175                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           5     26.32%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           19                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       50902     13.70%     13.70% |      185736     50.00%     63.70% |       16876      4.54%     68.25% |       18029      4.85%     73.10% |       16706      4.50%     77.60% |       18982      5.11%     82.71% |       16697      4.49%     87.20% |       17900      4.82%     92.02% |       14024      3.78%     95.80% |       15620      4.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       371472                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       50902     13.70%     13.70% |      185736     50.00%     63.70% |       16876      4.54%     68.25% |       18029      4.85%     73.10% |       16706      4.50%     77.60% |       18982      5.11%     82.71% |       16697      4.49%     87.20% |       17900      4.82%     92.02% |       14024      3.78%     95.80% |       15620      4.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       371472                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       50902     13.70%     13.70% |      185736     50.00%     63.70% |       16876      4.54%     68.25% |       18029      4.85%     73.10% |       16706      4.50%     77.60% |       18982      5.11%     82.71% |       16697      4.49%     87.20% |       17900      4.82%     92.02% |       14024      3.78%     95.80% |       15620      4.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       371472                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       50902     13.70%     13.70% |      185736     50.00%     63.70% |       16876      4.54%     68.25% |       18029      4.85%     73.10% |       16706      4.50%     77.60% |       18982      5.11%     82.71% |       16697      4.49%     87.20% |       17900      4.82%     92.02% |       14024      3.78%     95.80% |       15620      4.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       371472                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
