
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.130703                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130703223500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5306871302000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  33946                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    58605                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              103859514                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3853796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1258.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42720323                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73752233                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21452672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21452672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13543872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13543872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211623                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211623                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164132693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164132693                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103623091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103623091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    267755783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           267755783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335198                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211623                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335198                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211623                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21451456                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13543616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21452672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13543872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    86270                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     3134                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 130702677500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335198                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211623                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 175598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    973                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1598                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1901                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  2022                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  2051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  2133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  2184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2616                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2629                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2855                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  3049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  3126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 90042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  37557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  38539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  39079                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  39258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  39097                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   6733                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       157214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   222.589032                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.926386                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.230696                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        53807     34.23%     34.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        32661     20.77%     55.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54007     34.35%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6263      3.98%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4179      2.66%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2233      1.42%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1246      0.79%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          903      0.57%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1915      1.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       157214                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.858770                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.970666                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37816     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           15      0.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37832                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.593651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.405680                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.896911                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34438     91.03%     91.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2276      6.02%     97.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          650      1.72%     98.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          468      1.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37832                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 33270445106                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            39555051356                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1675895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    99261.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              118011.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.62                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  251642                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 137933                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    239022.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   71.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28041392250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4364360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98294514000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              601133400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              587396880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              327999375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              320504250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1314284400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1299971400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            688519440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            682771680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8536688160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8536688160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49704158745                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49271014035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34820012250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35199963750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          95992795770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          95898310155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.449964                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.727046                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20798016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20798016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12916800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12916800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       324969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             324969                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201825                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159123971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159123971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98825413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98825413                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    257949384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           257949384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     324969                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201825                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   324969                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201825                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20796864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12916800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20798016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12916800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    52129                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2695                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 130702399500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               324969                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201825                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 170984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1655                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   2182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  3000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  3129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3635                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3924                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3861                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  4068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  4153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  4054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  4129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  4228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  4226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 56670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  35798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  36810                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  37149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  37461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  37524                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   5905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       131410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   256.546929                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   200.173656                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.629867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27611     21.01%     21.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        32276     24.56%     45.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54049     41.13%     86.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6222      4.73%     91.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4519      3.44%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2230      1.70%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1270      0.97%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          972      0.74%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2261      1.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       131410                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.999889                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.181026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36071     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           33      0.09%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        36106                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.589791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.395152                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.937990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32853     90.99%     90.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2066      5.72%     96.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          726      2.01%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          461      1.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        36106                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 28819821741                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            34912652991                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624755000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    88689.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              107439.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.12                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.12                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  251701                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 143659                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                77.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    248109.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.05                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28549334750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4364360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97787058250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              503677440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              489759480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              274824000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              267229875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275526200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1258998000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            656961840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            650831760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8536688160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8536688160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49143326625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48203047215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35311970250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36136776750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          95702974515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          95543331240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.232514                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          731.011069                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20796480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20796480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12917504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12917504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324945                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159112220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159112220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98830799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98830799                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    257943019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           257943019                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324945                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201836                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324945                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201836                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20795520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12917376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20796480                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12917504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    49713                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2699                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 130703133500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324945                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201836                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1573                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   2028                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3584                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  4013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  4056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  4065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  4094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  4095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  4302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  4241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  4237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  4130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  4182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  4066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  4179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  4177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 53992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  35800                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  36792                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  37103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  37331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  37459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5393                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   6140                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       130739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   257.859216                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   201.359969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   185.781298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27402     20.96%     20.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31107     23.79%     44.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54675     41.82%     86.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6311      4.83%     91.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4525      3.46%     94.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2197      1.68%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1275      0.98%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          943      0.72%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2304      1.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       130739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.000332                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.199522                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36061     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           36      0.10%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        36099                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.591124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.394626                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.952246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32843     90.98%     90.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2052      5.68%     96.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          711      1.97%     98.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          493      1.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        36099                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 28505124885                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            34597562385                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    87726.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              106476.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.83                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  251955                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 144065                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                77.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    248116.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28403681250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4364360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97932362250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              501522840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              486848880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              273648375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              265641750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1275378000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1258982400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656903520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            650980800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8536688160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8536688160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48874910490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47946812265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35547423000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36361544250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          95666474385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          95507498505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.953248                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.736909                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20774592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20774592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12916352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12916352                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324603                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201818                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158944756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158944756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98821985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98821985                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    257766741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           257766741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324603                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201818                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324603                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201818                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20773696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12916160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20774592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12916352                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    46674                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2518                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 130702403000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324603                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201818                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 170812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1314                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  3159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  3251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  4154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  4263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  4264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  4244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  4241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  4249                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  4444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  4367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  4457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  4181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 51123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  35796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  36823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  37209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  37377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  37534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   5809                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       129695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   259.758233                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   203.323530                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   186.372309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        26418     20.37%     20.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        31007     23.91%     44.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        54675     42.16%     86.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6347      4.89%     91.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4468      3.45%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2172      1.67%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1324      1.02%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          943      0.73%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2341      1.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       129695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.988783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.664242                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36069     99.89%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           35      0.10%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        36107                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.589359                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.395036                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.936656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32826     90.91%     90.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2093      5.80%     96.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          717      1.99%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          471      1.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        36107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 28295376297                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            34381420047                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1622945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    87172.94                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              105922.94                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  251857                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 144849                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                77.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    248284.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27931367000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4364360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98404799500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              497115360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              483371280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              271243500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              263744250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273482600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258218000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656799840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            650961360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8536688160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8536688160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48648673215                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47901963240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35745876750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36400885500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          95629879425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          95495831790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.673257                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.647646                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11833804                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 32.908493                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                25.644734                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                46.185065                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11628081     98.26%     98.26% |      100478      0.85%     99.11% |       47931      0.41%     99.52% |       27374      0.23%     99.75% |       16700      0.14%     99.89% |        8653      0.07%     99.96% |        3631      0.03%     99.99% |         829      0.01%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11833804                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31877599                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.072514                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.516054                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.578327                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29983501     94.06%     94.06% |     1303004      4.09%     98.15% |       43880      0.14%     98.28% |       48436      0.15%     98.44% |       46567      0.15%     98.58% |       45580      0.14%     98.72% |       45557      0.14%     98.87% |       87331      0.27%     99.14% |      273743      0.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31877599                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31877598                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              22.981181                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.866030                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            125.413852                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31756045     99.62%     99.62% |      106726      0.33%     99.95% |       11791      0.04%     99.99% |        2650      0.01%    100.00% |         339      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31877598                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29957212                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000181                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000156                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013458                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29951788     99.98%     99.98% |        5423      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29957212                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1920386                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        334.676358                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       201.888661                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       397.123287                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1798833     93.67%     93.67% |      106726      5.56%     99.23% |       11791      0.61%     99.84% |        2650      0.14%     99.98% |         339      0.02%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1920386                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         168301                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       168301                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          170                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          124                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          113                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          108                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     23040226                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1173308                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     24213534                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6915698                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125757                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7041455                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       331138                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        45003                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       120399                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085511                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70097                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          155                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77669                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        10893                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        10816                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        10869                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          169                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        82519                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        82688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        11533                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77659                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        10853                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        10827                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          153                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        72807                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        72960                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        10222                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        10842                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       125079                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50848                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175927                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58039                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17400                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40603                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54918                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40656                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51911                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40635                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51343                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40569                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50387                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14118                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40623                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52644                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40650                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40581                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40632                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52769                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17065                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57673                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40679                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67198                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40610                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61599                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56673                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16545                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40656                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57201                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40706                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55292                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40628                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55806                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40554                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40578                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59621                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19807                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40590                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60397                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40599                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56479                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40574                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68557                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22506                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40555                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63061                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40567                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57137                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40526                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53696                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40579                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49718                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40585                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49319                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14508                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40649                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40599                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55056                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            7                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18779052                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18779052                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     19054757                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18779052                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7922612                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7901992                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18779052                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.071839                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7824807                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7824807                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8077009                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7824807                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3775222                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3751803                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7824807                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.029933                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5822494                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5822494                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6091838                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5822494                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2352314                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2330706                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5822494                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.022274                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4864982                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4864982                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5126605                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4864982                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2040922                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2024674                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4864982                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018611                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6772134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6772134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7039348                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6772134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3230854                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3187122                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6772134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.025907                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6790055                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6790055                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7060611                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6790055                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3157273                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3136683                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6790055                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025975                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7591720                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7591720                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7932772                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7591720                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2882439                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2858640                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7591720                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029042                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4976727                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4976727                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5296140                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4976727                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2049086                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2027351                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4976727                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.019038                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3263369                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3263369                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3401221                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3263369                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1421845                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1408181                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3263369                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012484                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4519099                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4519099                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4740349                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4519099                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2115746                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2091371                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4519099                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017288                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3132251                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3132251                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3224335                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3132251                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1264560                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1258283                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3132251                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.011982                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2723342                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2723342                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2747414                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2723342                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1086877                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1086038                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2723342                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.010418                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3796565                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3796565                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3829275                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3796565                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1679652                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1678717                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3796565                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014524                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2890615                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2890615                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2916059                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2890615                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1168362                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1167511                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2890615                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011058                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1683779                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1683779                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1708221                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1683779                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       656229                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       655371                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1683779                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006441                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2497372                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2497372                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2540540                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2497372                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       987561                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       985708                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2497372                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009554                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3514677                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3514677                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3562568                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3514677                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1298913                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1296745                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3514677                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013445                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2672319                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2672319                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2722748                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2672319                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1024760                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1022255                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2672319                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010223                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2670418                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2670418                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2735703                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2670418                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1070838                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1066518                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2670418                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010216                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1584387                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1584387                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1603791                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584387                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       628289                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627591                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1584387                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006061                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1449445                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1449445                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1453728                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1449445                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       631926                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       631853                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1449445                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005545                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2050817                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2050817                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2056748                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2050817                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       957254                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956733                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2050817                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007845                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1703967                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1703967                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1710802                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1703967                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       742786                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       742679                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1703967                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006518                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1059615                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1059615                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1059615                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1059615                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433951                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433951                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1059615                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004054                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1392577                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1392577                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1397188                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1392577                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       579972                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       579885                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1392577                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005327                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1883558                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1883558                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1889575                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1883558                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       863299                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       862850                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1883558                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007205                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1638588                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1638588                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1645531                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1638588                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       702479                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       702360                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1638588                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006268                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1060819                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1060819                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1060819                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1060819                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       431831                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       431831                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1060819                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004058                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6123626                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6123626                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6507625                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6123626                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2505107                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2493702                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6123626                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023426                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6138307                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6138307                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6427525                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6138307                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2481300                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2466959                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6138307                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023482                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6264883                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6264883                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6606280                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6264883                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2495364                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2481955                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6264883                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.023966                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6416380                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6416380                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6737460                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6416380                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2589038                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2570660                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6416380                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024546                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    10045071     28.24%     28.24% |    23711401     66.66%     94.91% |     1812124      5.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35568596                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    10045071     28.24%     28.24% |    23711401     66.66%     94.91% |     1812124      5.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35568596                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   315695199                       |   575698896                       |    40175749                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   152151725                       |    94532018                       |     1812129                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.427871                       |   24.279413                       |   22.170530                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   15.146904                       |    3.986775                       |    1.000003                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.190796                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     6.986384                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         33.177180                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002125                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.046712      7.14%      7.14% |    0.046536      7.11%     14.24% |    0.046592      7.12%     21.36% |    0.046415      7.09%     28.45% |    0.109761     16.77%     45.22% |    0.107364     16.40%     61.62% |    0.109641     16.75%     78.37% |    0.107230     16.38%     94.75% |    0.008590      1.31%     96.06% |    0.008592      1.31%     97.37% |    0.008592      1.31%     98.69% |    0.008592      1.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.654618                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016205                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028937                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001246                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001099                       |    0.001173                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004934                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001881                       |    0.001966                       |    0.001980                       |    0.001898                       |    0.001809                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001936                       |    0.001927                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001929                       |    0.001861                       |    0.001845                       |    0.001858                       |    0.001825                       |    0.001924                       |    0.001875                       |    0.001902                       |    0.001987                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002083                       |    0.001970                       |    0.001982                       |    0.001939                       |    0.001952                       |    0.001973                       |    0.002035                       |    0.002049                       |    0.002237                       |    0.002113                       |    0.007687                       |    0.007451                       |    0.007451                       |    0.007443                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000326                       |    0.000971                       |    0.000080                       |    0.000085                       |    0.000080                       |    0.000089                       |    0.000080                       |    0.000085                       |    0.000069                       |    0.000076                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002115                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002087                       |    0.001249                       |    0.001669                       |    0.002023                       |    0.000069                       |    0.002331                       |    0.004694                       |    0.001696                       |           0                       |    0.002146                       |    0.005706                       |           0                       |    0.004997                       |    0.008176                       |    0.002400                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001993                       |    0.000080                       |    0.004942                       |    0.003871                       |    0.009607                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002052                       |    0.000085                       |    0.007665                       |    0.004169                       |    0.002860                       |           0                       |    0.002163                       |    0.005477                       |           0                       |    0.008155                       |    0.004578                       |    0.003109                       |           0                       |    0.002035                       |           0                       |    0.003911                       |    0.002294                       |    0.002177                       |           0                       |    0.002095                       |           0                       |    0.001982                       |    0.001250                       |           0                       |    0.002263                       |           0                       |    0.001127                       |    0.002212                       |    0.002244                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002010                       |    0.000076                       |    0.002296                       |    0.004193                       |    0.004881                       |    0.002052                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002070                       |    0.000080                       |    0.004067                       |    0.008338                       |    0.006578                       |    0.002993                       |    0.029394                       |    0.004369                       |    0.000326                       |    0.003298                       |    0.013681                       |    0.016949                       |    0.003821                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002109                       |    0.000971                       |    0.003362                       |    0.006319                       |    0.013383                       |    0.003790                       |    0.001892                       |    0.001982                       |    0.000089                       |    0.005901                       |    0.005030                       |    0.007473                       |    0.003606                       |           0                       |    0.001965                       |           0                       |    0.001929                       |    0.003800                       |    0.003866                       |    0.002964                       |           0                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001051                       |    0.001939                       |    0.002165                       |           0                       |    0.002161                       |           0                       |    0.000191                       |    0.002083                       |    0.002083                       |           0                       |    0.002090                       |           0                       |    0.001866                       |    0.002191                       |    0.003871                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.002360                       |    0.005477                       |           0                       |    0.001712                       |    0.004985                       |    0.007505                       |    0.001927                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001909                       |    0.000080                       |    0.015137                       |    0.004924                       |    0.003195                       |    0.002015                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001910                       |    0.000085                       |    0.002123                       |    0.007460                       |    0.003707                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.002210                       |    0.005474                       |           0                       |    0.002449                       |    0.008104                       |    0.004297                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.001936                       |           0                       |    0.001073                       |    0.003797                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002100                       |           0                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |    0.000151                       |    0.001952                       |    0.002085                       |           0                       |    0.002083                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001970                       |           0                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.000862                       |           0                       |    0.003615                       |           0                       |    0.001927                       |           0                       |    0.002491                       |    0.000649                       |    0.004487                       |           0                       |    0.002015                       |           0                       |    0.007193                       |    0.002186                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |    0.005020                       |    0.002342                       |           0                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.003880                       |    0.004325                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002100                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003961                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002085                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001973                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.654618                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6742977                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6742977                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392145                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4199856                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3564235                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.865648                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          497278                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30342                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13668720                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84187                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18901624                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182128                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13752907                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19083752                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32570344                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266315                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              32836659                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7048680                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7058330                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7048680                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7058330                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                257659609                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24250072                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50665944                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6742977                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4061513                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             227801922                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908940                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190616                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       428746                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340420                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7048006                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217768                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    253614808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.360084                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.510926                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        236680371     93.32%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2300560      0.91%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1304126      0.51%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1052516      0.42%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1854834      0.73%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1498034      0.59%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1153265      0.45%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           741717      0.29%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7029385      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    253614808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026170                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.196639                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12006180                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     228763435                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6897904                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5492812                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454470                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86693556                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454470                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14333683                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122706365                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15556575                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9921467                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90642241                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84614764                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59555                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2132249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83717938                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     204469221                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    133493187                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      71485054                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12232871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389234                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395081                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40198137                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7108271                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19279052                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       782561                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       591539                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82903019                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       480919                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87223151                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320030                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9372021                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14508979                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       129008                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    253614808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.343920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.031416                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216606796     85.41%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14118622      5.57%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11423055      4.50%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3572824      1.41%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3339168      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2318220      0.91%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394814      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507181      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334128      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    253614808                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135490     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928759     76.09%     87.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156283     12.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574090      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53554331     61.40%     62.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13857070     15.89%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19129304     21.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87223151                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.338521                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220532                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013993                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    429601634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92764927                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78953069                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87869574                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1242192                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340540                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2709                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9246                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7814659                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454470                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5077129                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115437674                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83383938                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7108271                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19279052                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       471907                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73215                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9246                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137197                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       335119                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472316                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86514476                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13658128                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443548                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32580906                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5318375                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18922778                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.335770                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79070146                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              78953081                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35252435                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          55648388                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.306424                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.633485                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9630137                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       351911                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405924                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252031945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.292630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.023723                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    221236769     87.78%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11356456      4.51%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11521343      4.57%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3045527      1.21%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1343562      0.53%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       494411      0.20%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674470      0.27%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551872      0.22%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1807535      0.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252031945                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42720322                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       73752230                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24294702                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5767730                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4845594                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73139227                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       411711                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49027621     66.48%     66.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5767730      7.82%     74.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18526972     25.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     73752230                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1807535                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333404393                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168353546                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86480                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4044801                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42720322                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              73752230                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       6.031312                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 6.031312                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.165801                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.165801                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        138973653                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54070243                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27193659                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22543981                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43711623                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1369222500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1369222499.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5502378                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        40.929150                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       28.184620                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       65.844303                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5297099     96.27%     96.27% |      100034      1.82%     98.09% |       47931      0.87%     98.96% |       27374      0.50%     99.46% |       16700      0.30%     99.76% |        8653      0.16%     99.92% |        3631      0.07%     99.98% |         829      0.02%    100.00% |         126      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5502378                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6313493                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.948343                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.631945                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.709101                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4377746     69.34%     69.34% |     1909573     30.25%     99.59% |       23602      0.37%     99.96% |        2128      0.03%     99.99% |         381      0.01%    100.00% |          46      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6313493                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         17933                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.323649                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.007270                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.157721                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         609      3.40%      3.40% |        2085     11.63%     15.02% |        8120     45.28%     60.30% |        4249     23.69%     84.00% |        2833     15.80%     99.79% |          35      0.20%     99.99% |           1      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           17933                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5866510                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           66.822539                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.299383                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         247.815083                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5768856     98.34%     98.34% |       85693      1.46%     99.80% |        9437      0.16%     99.96% |        2160      0.04%     99.99% |         317      0.01%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5866510                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5134186                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000697                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000602                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026401                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5130608     99.93%     99.93% |        3577      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5134186                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       732324                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     514.265485                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    285.769034                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    513.031160                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      634670     86.67%     86.67% |       85693     11.70%     98.37% |        9437      1.29%     99.66% |        2160      0.29%     99.95% |         317      0.04%     99.99% |          47      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        732324                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18674749                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           16.325587                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.765081                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          81.702803                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18592001     99.56%     99.56% |       58888      0.32%     99.87% |       16077      0.09%     99.96% |        4924      0.03%     99.98% |        1680      0.01%     99.99% |         667      0.00%    100.00% |         374      0.00%    100.00% |         116      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18674749                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17641114                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000085                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009905                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17639383     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17641114                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033635                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     243.752556                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    181.669899                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    256.613306                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      950887     91.99%     91.99% |       58888      5.70%     97.69% |       16077      1.56%     99.25% |        4924      0.48%     99.72% |        1680      0.16%     99.89% |         667      0.06%     99.95% |         374      0.04%     99.99% |         116      0.01%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033635                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7041455                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.529446                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.178948                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.509424                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7041120    100.00%    100.00% |         298      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7041455                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6915698                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6915696    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6915698                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125757                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.637555                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.915060                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.712354                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      125422     99.73%     99.73% |         298      0.24%     99.97% |          19      0.02%     99.99% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125757                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293578                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.921510                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168750                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.779755                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287273     97.85%     97.85% |        4935      1.68%     99.53% |        1113      0.38%     99.91% |         133      0.05%     99.96% |          63      0.02%     99.98% |          49      0.02%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293578                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264938                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264825     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264938                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.697765                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.354521                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.989498                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4935     17.23%     95.22% |        1113      3.89%     99.10% |         133      0.46%     99.57% |          63      0.22%     99.79% |          49      0.17%     99.96% |           9      0.03%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12796                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1218889                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        72522                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    74878                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    74914                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    74902                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    79569                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    74903                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    74889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    70214                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    74892                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   2978                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2942                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2954                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   3151                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   2953                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2967                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   2778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   2964                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    10114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    10077                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    10098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    10714                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    10116                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    10079                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     9483                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    10094                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                82720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                72992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1244059                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 1197223                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 1251602                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1227154                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1230053                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 1156641                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1326213                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 1317902                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   62864                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   55472                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  19856                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  17520                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                57071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                57110                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                57091                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                60647                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                57103                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                57088                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                53520                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                57125                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               2097                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2058                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2077                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2217                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               2065                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2080                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               1952                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2043                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               17807                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               17804                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               17811                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               18922                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               17800                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               17801                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               16694                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               17767                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               881                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               884                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               877                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               934                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               888                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               887                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               826                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               921                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2571873                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2557513                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2616954                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2632854                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2554909                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2528372                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2573968                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2629802                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     816                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     720                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2397824                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2388839                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2436873                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2458209                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2381052                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2359219                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2392044                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2434915                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             514352                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             453840                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               976089                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               915814                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               982478                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               945246                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               956035                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               907078                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              1014573                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1032173                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2397824                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2388839                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2436873                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2458209                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2381052                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2359219                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2392044                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2434915                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        514352                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        453840                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          976089                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          915814                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          982478                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          945246                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          956035                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          907078                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1014573                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1032173                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2511361                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2497001                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2556442                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2568560                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2494397                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2467860                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2517238                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2569290                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2554814                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2531538                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2600611                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2603123                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2527701                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2495744                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2545431                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2612442                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1604                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1594                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1596                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1708                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1590                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1606                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1503                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1595                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              9067                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              9075                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              9071                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              9651                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              9047                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              9083                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              8486                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              9042                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             10241                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             11463                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             10188                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             11988                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             10328                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             11473                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              8142                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              9160                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         1116244                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         1064974                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         1130428                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         1094818                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         1106540                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         1026732                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         1206228                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         1194350                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335173     25.59%     25.59% |      324969     24.81%     50.40% |      324945     24.81%     75.22% |      324603     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309690                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205807     25.93%     25.93% |      196003     24.69%     50.62% |      196011     24.69%     75.31% |      195991     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       793812                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335198     25.59%     25.59% |      324969     24.81%     50.41% |      324945     24.81%     75.22% |      324603     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309715                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211623     25.90%     25.90% |      201825     24.70%     50.60% |      201836     24.70%     75.30% |      201818     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       817102                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121174     25.08%     25.08% |      120774     25.00%     50.08% |      120742     24.99%     75.07% |      120420     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       483110                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335173     25.59%     25.59% |      324969     24.81%     50.40% |      324945     24.81%     75.22% |      324603     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309690                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205570     25.92%     25.92% |      195825     24.69%     50.61% |      195836     24.69%     75.31% |      195818     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       793049                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121174     25.08%     25.08% |      120774     25.00%     50.08% |      120742     24.99%     75.07% |      120420     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       483110                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335173     25.59%     25.59% |      324969     24.81%     50.40% |      324945     24.81%     75.22% |      324603     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309690                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205570     25.92%     25.92% |      195825     24.69%     50.61% |      195836     24.69%     75.31% |      195818     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       793049                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5399087     91.94%     91.94% |          17      0.00%     91.94% |       59149      1.01%     92.95% |       59146      1.01%     93.96% |       59150      1.01%     94.96% |       62839      1.07%     96.03% |       59147      1.01%     97.04% |       59147      1.01%     98.05% |       55449      0.94%     98.99% |       59147      1.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5872278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7041517    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7041517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18824344     99.21%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |       18688      0.10%     99.31% |       18688      0.10%     99.41% |       18688      0.10%     99.51% |       19856      0.10%     99.61% |       18688      0.10%     99.71% |       18688      0.10%     99.81% |       17520      0.09%     99.90% |       18688      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     18973848                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17881     99.84%     99.84% |          17      0.09%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |           6      0.03%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.97% |           5      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17910                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297094     67.76%     67.76% |           0      0.00%     67.76% |       77167      4.03%     71.79% |       77157      4.03%     75.82% |       77158      4.03%     79.85% |       82017      4.28%     84.13% |       77156      4.03%     88.16% |       77158      4.03%     92.19% |       72304      3.78%     95.97% |       77158      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1914369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           4     19.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      260054     35.53%     35.53% |           1      0.00%     35.53% |       58981      8.06%     43.59% |       58977      8.06%     51.65% |       58977      8.06%     59.71% |       62660      8.56%     68.27% |       58975      8.06%     76.33% |       58978      8.06%     84.39% |       55287      7.55%     91.94% |       58975      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           4     19.05%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038989     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |       18688      1.57%     88.99% |       18686      1.57%     90.57% |       18686      1.57%     92.14% |       19855      1.67%     93.81% |       18684      1.57%     95.38% |       18684      1.57%     96.95% |       17519      1.47%     98.43% |       18687      1.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188478                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170607     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77157      4.32%     69.79% |       77151      4.32%     74.11% |       77151      4.32%     78.42% |       81999      4.59%     83.01% |       77147      4.32%     87.33% |       77150      4.32%     91.64% |       72294      4.04%     95.68% |       77145      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1787801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259969     35.52%     35.52% |          17      0.00%     35.53% |       58981      8.06%     43.59% |       58977      8.06%     51.65% |       58977      8.06%     59.70% |       62665      8.56%     68.27% |       58975      8.06%     76.33% |       58978      8.06%     84.39% |       55288      7.56%     91.94% |       58976      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731803                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122046    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122046                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912766     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18686      1.76%     89.45% |       18686      1.76%     91.20% |       19854      1.87%     93.07% |       18684      1.76%     94.83% |       18684      1.76%     96.59% |       17519      1.65%     98.24% |       18686      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           6      0.05%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.01%     99.95% |           5      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         521    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3711    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3711                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          30    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           30                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1661     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           2      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1663                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6915698    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6915698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4655     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121501                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2533537     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |         155      0.01%     99.96% |         159      0.01%     99.96% |         159      0.01%     99.97% |         167      0.01%     99.98% |         161      0.01%     99.98% |         158      0.01%     99.99% |         152      0.01%     99.99% |         160      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2534808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63132    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63132                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1904     99.95%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194943     29.36%     29.36% |           0      0.00%     29.36% |       58623      8.83%     38.19% |       58611      8.83%     47.02% |       58619      8.83%     55.85% |       62315      9.39%     65.24% |       58609      8.83%     74.07% |       58620      8.83%     82.90% |       54929      8.27%     91.17% |       58627      8.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       663896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2592179    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2592179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    17844179    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     17844196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         262    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          262                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975664     86.81%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |       18534      1.65%     88.46% |       18540      1.65%     90.11% |       18532      1.65%     91.76% |       19684      1.75%     93.51% |       18538      1.65%     95.16% |       18530      1.65%     96.81% |       17365      1.55%     98.35% |       18518      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1123905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     98.01%     98.01% |           0      0.00%     98.01% |          10      0.30%     98.31% |           6      0.18%     98.49% |           7      0.21%     98.69% |          10      0.30%     98.99% |           9      0.27%     99.26% |           8      0.24%     99.50% |           9      0.27%     99.76% |           8      0.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3369                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      260054     35.53%     35.53% |           1      0.00%     35.53% |       58981      8.06%     43.59% |       58977      8.06%     51.65% |       58977      8.06%     59.71% |       62660      8.56%     68.27% |       58975      8.06%     76.33% |       58978      8.06%     84.39% |       55287      7.55%     91.94% |       58975      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731865                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     76.19%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           4     19.05%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126193    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126195                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912796     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18686      1.76%     89.45% |       18686      1.76%     91.21% |       19854      1.87%     93.07% |       18684      1.76%     94.83% |       18684      1.76%     96.59% |       17519      1.65%     98.24% |       18686      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062283                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     98.51%     98.51% |           0      0.00%     98.51% |          13      0.23%     98.73% |          10      0.17%     98.91% |          14      0.24%     99.15% |           7      0.12%     99.27% |          11      0.19%     99.46% |          11      0.19%     99.65% |           9      0.16%     99.81% |          11      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4215    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4215                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170607     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77157      4.32%     69.79% |       77151      4.32%     74.11% |       77151      4.32%     78.42% |       81999      4.59%     83.01% |       77147      4.32%     87.33% |       77150      4.32%     91.64% |       72294      4.04%     95.68% |       77145      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1787801                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3725      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.74%     11.55% |        3613      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3749      2.98%     20.65% |        3353      2.67%     23.32% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.50% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.98% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3139      2.50%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3587      2.85%     69.86% |        3420      2.72%     72.58% |        3733      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.61% |        3296      2.62%     81.23% |        4704      3.74%     84.97% |        4112      3.27%     88.23% |        5241      4.17%     92.40% |        5092      4.05%     96.45% |        4468      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125800                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114338     15.61%     15.61% |       20773      2.84%     18.45% |       18702      2.55%     21.00% |       21407      2.92%     23.93% |       20940      2.86%     26.78% |       19809      2.70%     29.49% |       18240      2.49%     31.98% |       18197      2.48%     34.47% |       20744      2.83%     37.30% |       19039      2.60%     39.90% |       22381      3.06%     42.95% |       20496      2.80%     45.75% |       19001      2.59%     48.35% |       18488      2.52%     50.87% |       18186      2.48%     53.35% |       18189      2.48%     55.84% |       20262      2.77%     58.60% |       18680      2.55%     61.16% |       18866      2.58%     63.73% |       19908      2.72%     66.45% |       19865      2.71%     69.16% |       26173      3.57%     72.74% |       23099      3.15%     75.89% |       19556      2.67%     78.56% |       19477      2.66%     81.22% |       18929      2.58%     83.80% |       18454      2.52%     86.32% |       18164      2.48%     88.80% |       20083      2.74%     91.55% |       19386      2.65%     94.19% |       21153      2.89%     97.08% |       21367      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       732352                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57708      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.55% |       30795      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30306      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34681      3.26%     63.16% |       37251      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33992      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062308                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171722      9.61%      9.61% |       54096      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.38% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53318      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51337      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.84% |       53862      3.01%     37.85% |       50841      2.84%     40.70% |       48105      2.69%     43.39% |       46727      2.61%     46.00% |       47693      2.67%     48.67% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50367      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53822      3.01%     62.57% |       54323      3.04%     65.61% |       63145      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.34% |       53265      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58397      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1787808                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34192      4.31%      4.31% |       24457      3.08%      7.40% |       24477      3.09%     10.48% |       24467      3.09%     13.57% |       24456      3.08%     16.65% |       24455      3.08%     19.74% |       24460      3.08%     22.82% |       24462      3.09%     25.91% |       24483      3.09%     29.00% |       24481      3.09%     32.08% |       24483      3.09%     35.17% |       24490      3.09%     38.26% |       24468      3.09%     41.35% |       24475      3.09%     44.43% |       24472      3.09%     47.52% |       24465      3.09%     50.61% |       24493      3.09%     53.70% |       24480      3.09%     56.78% |       24485      3.09%     59.87% |       24484      3.09%     62.96% |       24469      3.09%     66.05% |       24486      3.09%     69.13% |       24477      3.09%     72.22% |       24469      3.09%     75.31% |       24482      3.09%     78.39% |       24484      3.09%     81.48% |       24477      3.09%     84.57% |       24469      3.09%     87.66% |       24475      3.09%     90.74% |       24458      3.08%     93.83% |       24469      3.09%     96.91% |       24473      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       792873                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15536      3.21%      3.21% |       15103      3.13%      6.34% |       15108      3.13%      9.47% |       15085      3.12%     12.59% |       15065      3.12%     15.70% |       15026      3.11%     18.81% |       15072      3.12%     21.93% |       15076      3.12%     25.05% |       15119      3.13%     28.18% |       15071      3.12%     31.30% |       15120      3.13%     34.43% |       15067      3.12%     37.54% |       15142      3.13%     40.68% |       15114      3.13%     43.81% |       15110      3.13%     46.93% |       15058      3.12%     50.05% |       15084      3.12%     53.17% |       15102      3.12%     56.29% |       15118      3.13%     59.42% |       15051      3.11%     62.54% |       15093      3.12%     65.66% |       15146      3.13%     68.79% |       15087      3.12%     71.91% |       15047      3.11%     75.03% |       15129      3.13%     78.16% |       15175      3.14%     81.30% |       15105      3.13%     84.42% |       15040      3.11%     87.54% |       15058      3.12%     90.65% |       15086      3.12%     93.77% |       15058      3.12%     96.89% |       15035      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       483286                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50840      3.88%      3.88% |       40608      3.10%      6.98% |       40631      3.10%     10.08% |       40598      3.10%     13.18% |       40566      3.10%     16.28% |       40526      3.09%     19.38% |       40578      3.10%     22.47% |       40584      3.10%     25.57% |       40648      3.10%     28.68% |       40598      3.10%     31.78% |       40648      3.10%     34.88% |       40602      3.10%     37.98% |       40655      3.10%     41.08% |       40634      3.10%     44.19% |       40627      3.10%     47.29% |       40568      3.10%     50.39% |       40622      3.10%     53.49% |       40628      3.10%     56.59% |       40649      3.10%     59.69% |       40581      3.10%     62.79% |       40608      3.10%     65.89% |       40679      3.11%     69.00% |       40610      3.10%     72.10% |       40561      3.10%     75.20% |       40656      3.10%     78.30% |       40706      3.11%     81.41% |       40628      3.10%     84.51% |       40554      3.10%     87.61% |       40578      3.10%     90.71% |       40590      3.10%     93.81% |       40574      3.10%     96.90% |       40555      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49816      3.90%      3.90% |       39584      3.10%      7.00% |       39607      3.10%     10.10% |       39574      3.10%     13.20% |       39542      3.10%     16.30% |       39502      3.09%     19.39% |       39554      3.10%     22.49% |       39560      3.10%     25.59% |       39624      3.10%     28.69% |       39574      3.10%     31.79% |       39624      3.10%     34.89% |       39578      3.10%     37.99% |       39631      3.10%     41.10% |       39610      3.10%     44.20% |       39603      3.10%     47.30% |       39544      3.10%     50.40% |       39598      3.10%     53.50% |       39604      3.10%     56.60% |       39625      3.10%     59.70% |       39557      3.10%     62.80% |       39584      3.10%     65.90% |       39655      3.11%     69.01% |       39586      3.10%     72.11% |       39537      3.10%     75.20% |       39632      3.10%     78.31% |       39682      3.11%     81.41% |       39604      3.10%     84.52% |       39530      3.10%     87.61% |       39554      3.10%     90.71% |       39566      3.10%     93.81% |       39550      3.10%     96.90% |       39531      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1276922                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     20.14%     20.14% |           6      2.16%     22.30% |           9      3.24%     25.54% |           6      2.16%     27.70% |           7      2.52%     30.22% |           3      1.08%     31.29% |           4      1.44%     32.73% |           6      2.16%     34.89% |           6      2.16%     37.05% |           5      1.80%     38.85% |           8      2.88%     41.73% |           5      1.80%     43.53% |           7      2.52%     46.04% |           4      1.44%     47.48% |           5      1.80%     49.28% |           5      1.80%     51.08% |           5      1.80%     52.88% |           6      2.16%     55.04% |           9      3.24%     58.27% |           8      2.88%     61.15% |          23      8.27%     69.42% |          23      8.27%     77.70% |           5      1.80%     79.50% |           6      2.16%     81.65% |           6      2.16%     83.81% |           5      1.80%     85.61% |           6      2.16%     87.77% |           7      2.52%     90.29% |           8      2.88%     93.17% |           7      2.52%     95.68% |           7      2.52%     98.20% |           5      1.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          278                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           6     27.27%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |           1      4.55%     31.82% |           1      4.55%     36.36% |           1      4.55%     40.91% |           0      0.00%     40.91% |           1      4.55%     45.45% |           1      4.55%     50.00% |           1      4.55%     54.55% |           1      4.55%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         576      3.27%      3.27% |         515      2.92%      6.19% |         499      2.83%      9.02% |         507      2.88%     11.90% |         508      2.88%     14.78% |         495      2.81%     17.59% |         536      3.04%     20.63% |         548      3.11%     23.74% |         567      3.22%     26.95% |         503      2.85%     29.81% |         558      3.17%     32.97% |         553      3.14%     36.11% |         600      3.40%     39.52% |         578      3.28%     42.79% |         570      3.23%     46.03% |         550      3.12%     49.15% |         571      3.24%     52.39% |         590      3.35%     55.74% |         585      3.32%     59.05% |         533      3.02%     62.08% |         528      3.00%     65.07% |         611      3.47%     68.54% |         559      3.17%     71.71% |         529      3.00%     74.71% |         583      3.31%     78.02% |         640      3.63%     81.65% |         580      3.29%     84.94% |         529      3.00%     87.94% |         508      2.88%     90.83% |         562      3.19%     94.01% |         539      3.06%     97.07% |         516      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17626                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171978      9.59%      9.59% |       54293      3.03%     12.61% |       49292      2.75%     15.36% |       52998      2.95%     18.31% |       53513      2.98%     21.30% |       49520      2.76%     24.06% |       45960      2.56%     26.62% |       45967      2.56%     29.18% |       51534      2.87%     32.05% |       49821      2.78%     34.83% |       54069      3.01%     37.84% |       51028      2.84%     40.69% |       48290      2.69%     43.38% |       46916      2.61%     45.99% |       47887      2.67%     48.66% |       46616      2.60%     51.26% |       50559      2.82%     54.08% |       48370      2.70%     56.77% |       49905      2.78%     59.55% |       54015      3.01%     62.57% |       54534      3.04%     65.60% |       63390      3.53%     69.14% |       58009      3.23%     72.37% |       53248      2.97%     75.34% |       53461      2.98%     78.32% |       51446      2.87%     81.19% |       52509      2.93%     84.11% |       52306      2.92%     87.03% |       55514      3.09%     90.12% |       55163      3.07%     93.20% |       63468      3.54%     96.73% |       58591      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794170                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         453      2.89%      6.09% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         451      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         474      3.02%     65.22% |         523      3.33%     68.55% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         450      2.87%     74.46% |         519      3.31%     77.77% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         479      3.05%     87.83% |         458      2.92%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25561      5.07%      5.07% |       15490      3.07%      8.14% |       15519      3.08%     11.22% |       15470      3.07%     14.29% |       15445      3.06%     17.35% |       15422      3.06%     20.41% |       15431      3.06%     23.47% |       15427      3.06%     26.53% |       15462      3.07%     29.59% |       15473      3.07%     32.66% |       15498      3.07%     35.73% |       15417      3.06%     38.79% |       15430      3.06%     41.85% |       15440      3.06%     44.91% |       15448      3.06%     47.98% |       15414      3.06%     51.03% |       15424      3.06%     54.09% |       15416      3.06%     57.15% |       15443      3.06%     60.21% |       15423      3.06%     63.27% |       15446      3.06%     66.33% |       15461      3.07%     69.40% |       15463      3.07%     72.46% |       15437      3.06%     75.53% |       15451      3.06%     78.59% |       15448      3.06%     81.65% |       15423      3.06%     84.71% |       15405      3.05%     87.77% |       15449      3.06%     90.83% |       15408      3.06%     93.88% |       15406      3.06%     96.94% |       15433      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       504283                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24776      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.51% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24695      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789719                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         509      3.24%      3.24% |         454      2.89%      6.14% |         438      2.79%      8.93% |         449      2.86%     11.79% |         452      2.88%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.43% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.56% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.71% |         509      3.24%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.01%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.52% |         479      3.05%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         522      3.33%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.47% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         456      2.91%     90.76% |         509      3.24%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88712     38.98%     38.98% |        5262      2.31%     41.29% |        3168      1.39%     42.68% |        5909      2.60%     45.28% |        5484      2.41%     47.69% |        4301      1.89%     49.58% |        2791      1.23%     50.81% |        2762      1.21%     52.02% |        5277      2.32%     54.34% |        3565      1.57%     55.91% |        6869      3.02%     58.92% |        5073      2.23%     61.15% |        3567      1.57%     62.72% |        3043      1.34%     64.06% |        2703      1.19%     65.24% |        2770      1.22%     66.46% |        4829      2.12%     68.58% |        3258      1.43%     70.02% |        3360      1.48%     71.49% |        4467      1.96%     73.45% |        4419      1.94%     75.40% |       10688      4.70%     80.09% |        7632      3.35%     83.45% |        4112      1.81%     85.25% |        4017      1.77%     87.02% |        3481      1.53%     88.55% |        3029      1.33%     89.88% |        2756      1.21%     91.09% |        4628      2.03%     93.12% |        3977      1.75%     94.87% |        5742      2.52%     97.39% |        5932      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227583                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32926     12.08%     12.08% |        8872      3.26%     15.34% |        5926      2.17%     17.51% |        6937      2.55%     20.06% |        7914      2.90%     22.96% |        5123      1.88%     24.84% |        3063      1.12%     25.96% |        3112      1.14%     27.11% |        6113      2.24%     29.35% |        6102      2.24%     31.59% |        7039      2.58%     34.17% |        5850      2.15%     36.32% |        4613      1.69%     38.01% |        3762      1.38%     39.39% |        5065      1.86%     41.25% |        3770      1.38%     42.63% |        5623      2.06%     44.70% |        5016      1.84%     46.54% |        6418      2.35%     48.89% |        9445      3.47%     52.36% |        9980      3.66%     56.02% |       12546      4.60%     60.62% |       10244      3.76%     64.38% |        9025      3.31%     67.69% |        9306      3.41%     71.11% |        7836      2.88%     73.98% |        9373      3.44%     77.42% |        9474      3.48%     80.90% |       10761      3.95%     84.85% |       11106      4.08%     88.92% |       17638      6.47%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272536                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34190      4.31%      4.31% |       24453      3.08%      7.40% |       24471      3.09%     10.48% |       24463      3.09%     13.57% |       24454      3.08%     16.65% |       24448      3.08%     19.74% |       24455      3.08%     22.82% |       24461      3.09%     25.91% |       24482      3.09%     29.00% |       24479      3.09%     32.08% |       24479      3.09%     35.17% |       24488      3.09%     38.26% |       24465      3.09%     41.35% |       24474      3.09%     44.43% |       24470      3.09%     47.52% |       24464      3.09%     50.61% |       24492      3.09%     53.70% |       24479      3.09%     56.78% |       24481      3.09%     59.87% |       24483      3.09%     62.96% |       24465      3.09%     66.05% |       24481      3.09%     69.13% |       24473      3.09%     72.22% |       24467      3.09%     75.31% |       24481      3.09%     78.39% |       24481      3.09%     81.48% |       24476      3.09%     84.57% |       24467      3.09%     87.66% |       24471      3.09%     90.74% |       24455      3.08%     93.83% |       24467      3.09%     96.91% |       24471      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       792786                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14960      3.21%      3.21% |       14586      3.13%      6.35% |       14607      3.14%      9.48% |       14577      3.13%     12.62% |       14553      3.13%     15.74% |       14535      3.12%     18.86% |       14538      3.12%     21.99% |       14524      3.12%     25.11% |       14548      3.12%     28.23% |       14566      3.13%     31.36% |       14559      3.13%     34.49% |       14512      3.12%     37.60% |       14539      3.12%     40.73% |       14534      3.12%     43.85% |       14538      3.12%     46.97% |       14505      3.12%     50.09% |       14510      3.12%     53.21% |       14508      3.12%     56.32% |       14529      3.12%     59.44% |       14511      3.12%     62.56% |       14546      3.12%     65.68% |       14517      3.12%     68.80% |       14527      3.12%     71.92% |       14514      3.12%     75.04% |       14541      3.12%     78.16% |       14533      3.12%     81.29% |       14520      3.12%     84.40% |       14506      3.12%     87.52% |       14546      3.12%     90.65% |       14520      3.12%     93.76% |       14514      3.12%     96.88% |       14516      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       465539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           5     23.81%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           1      4.76%     42.86% |           1      4.76%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171715      9.60%      9.60% |       54096      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.38% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53318      2.98%     21.31% |       49322      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51337      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.84% |       53862      3.01%     37.85% |       50841      2.84%     40.70% |       48105      2.69%     43.39% |       46727      2.61%     46.00% |       47693      2.67%     48.67% |       46423      2.60%     51.26% |       50367      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53822      3.01%     62.57% |       54323      3.04%     65.61% |       63145      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53035      2.97%     75.34% |       53265      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58397      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1787801                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.82%      1.82% |           2      3.64%      5.45% |           4      7.27%     12.73% |           2      3.64%     16.36% |           1      1.82%     18.18% |           5      9.09%     27.27% |           2      3.64%     30.91% |           0      0.00%     30.91% |           0      0.00%     30.91% |           0      0.00%     30.91% |           3      5.45%     36.36% |           1      1.82%     38.18% |           1      1.82%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2      3.64%     43.64% |           1      1.82%     45.45% |           3      5.45%     50.91% |           5      9.09%     60.00% |           4      7.27%     67.27% |           2      3.64%     70.91% |           1      1.82%     72.73% |           2      3.64%     76.36% |           1      1.82%     78.18% |           2      3.64%     81.82% |           4      7.27%     89.09% |           3      5.45%     94.55% |           2      3.64%     98.18% |           1      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           55                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          67      3.26%      3.26% |          63      3.06%      6.32% |          63      3.06%      9.38% |          59      2.87%     12.24% |          60      2.92%     15.16% |          59      2.87%     18.03% |          62      3.01%     21.04% |          62      3.01%     24.05% |          67      3.26%     27.31% |          63      3.06%     30.37% |          73      3.55%     33.92% |          56      2.72%     36.64% |          54      2.62%     39.26% |          58      2.82%     42.08% |          63      3.06%     45.14% |          63      3.06%     48.20% |          61      2.96%     51.17% |          62      3.01%     54.18% |          60      2.92%     57.09% |          60      2.92%     60.01% |          74      3.60%     63.61% |         105      5.10%     68.71% |          81      3.94%     72.64% |          81      3.94%     76.58% |          66      3.21%     79.79% |          63      3.06%     82.85% |          61      2.96%     85.81% |          56      2.72%     88.53% |          56      2.72%     91.25% |          57      2.77%     94.02% |          59      2.87%     96.89% |          64      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2058                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     20.93%     20.93% |           9     20.93%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |           0      0.00%     41.86% |          10     23.26%     65.12% |           7     16.28%     81.40% |           8     18.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1      4.76%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           9     42.86%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           2      9.52%     76.19% |           2      9.52%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |          11     91.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49816      3.90%      3.90% |       39584      3.10%      7.00% |       39607      3.10%     10.10% |       39574      3.10%     13.20% |       39542      3.10%     16.30% |       39502      3.09%     19.39% |       39554      3.10%     22.49% |       39560      3.10%     25.59% |       39624      3.10%     28.69% |       39574      3.10%     31.79% |       39624      3.10%     34.89% |       39578      3.10%     37.99% |       39631      3.10%     41.10% |       39610      3.10%     44.20% |       39603      3.10%     47.30% |       39544      3.10%     50.40% |       39598      3.10%     53.50% |       39604      3.10%     56.60% |       39625      3.10%     59.70% |       39557      3.10%     62.80% |       39584      3.10%     65.90% |       39655      3.11%     69.01% |       39586      3.10%     72.11% |       39537      3.10%     75.20% |       39632      3.10%     78.31% |       39682      3.11%     81.41% |       39604      3.10%     84.52% |       39530      3.10%     87.61% |       39554      3.10%     90.71% |       39566      3.10%     93.81% |       39550      3.10%     96.90% |       39531      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1276922                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     61.63%     61.63% |           1      1.16%     62.79% |           3      3.49%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           0      0.00%     66.28% |           2      2.33%     68.60% |           0      0.00%     68.60% |           1      1.16%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           0      0.00%     69.77% |           2      2.33%     72.09% |           1      1.16%     73.26% |           3      3.49%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           2      2.33%     81.40% |           1      1.16%     82.56% |           1      1.16%     83.72% |           1      1.16%     84.88% |           1      1.16%     86.05% |           2      2.33%     88.37% |           4      4.65%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |          10     90.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      1.70%      1.70% |           5      2.84%      4.55% |           5      2.84%      7.39% |           5      2.84%     10.23% |           6      3.41%     13.64% |           3      1.70%     15.34% |           3      1.70%     17.05% |           5      2.84%     19.89% |           5      2.84%     22.73% |           4      2.27%     25.00% |           5      2.84%     27.84% |           4      2.27%     30.11% |           5      2.84%     32.95% |           3      1.70%     34.66% |           4      2.27%     36.93% |           4      2.27%     39.20% |           4      2.27%     41.48% |           5      2.84%     44.32% |           6      3.41%     47.73% |           7      3.98%     51.70% |          20     11.36%     63.07% |          21     11.93%     75.00% |           3      1.70%     76.70% |           5      2.84%     79.55% |           5      2.84%     82.39% |           4      2.27%     84.66% |           5      2.84%     87.50% |           5      2.84%     90.34% |           4      2.27%     92.61% |           4      2.27%     94.89% |           5      2.84%     97.73% |           4      2.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          176                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          64      3.40%      3.40% |          58      3.08%      6.48% |          58      3.08%      9.56% |          54      2.87%     12.43% |          54      2.87%     15.30% |          56      2.98%     18.28% |          59      3.13%     21.41% |          57      3.03%     24.44% |          62      3.29%     27.74% |          59      3.13%     30.87% |          68      3.61%     34.48% |          52      2.76%     37.25% |          49      2.60%     39.85% |          55      2.92%     42.77% |          59      3.13%     45.91% |          59      3.13%     49.04% |          57      3.03%     52.07% |          57      3.03%     55.10% |          54      2.87%     57.97% |          53      2.82%     60.79% |          54      2.87%     63.66% |          84      4.46%     68.12% |          78      4.14%     72.26% |          76      4.04%     76.30% |          61      3.24%     79.54% |          59      3.13%     82.68% |          56      2.98%     85.65% |          51      2.71%     88.36% |          52      2.76%     91.13% |          53      2.82%     93.94% |          54      2.87%     96.81% |          60      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1882                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           6    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         509      3.24%      3.24% |         454      2.89%      6.14% |         438      2.79%      8.93% |         449      2.86%     11.79% |         452      2.88%     14.67% |         432      2.75%     17.43% |         472      3.01%     20.43% |         490      3.12%     23.56% |         504      3.21%     26.77% |         442      2.82%     29.59% |         488      3.11%     32.70% |         499      3.18%     35.88% |         549      3.50%     39.38% |         522      3.33%     42.71% |         509      3.24%     45.95% |         490      3.12%     49.07% |         513      3.27%     52.34% |         532      3.39%     55.73% |         529      3.37%     59.11% |         480      3.06%     62.16% |         473      3.01%     65.18% |         524      3.34%     68.52% |         479      3.05%     71.57% |         452      2.88%     74.45% |         522      3.33%     77.78% |         579      3.69%     81.47% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         456      2.91%     90.76% |         509      3.24%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25560      5.07%      5.07% |       15490      3.07%      8.14% |       15519      3.08%     11.22% |       15470      3.07%     14.29% |       15445      3.06%     17.35% |       15422      3.06%     20.41% |       15431      3.06%     23.47% |       15427      3.06%     26.53% |       15462      3.07%     29.59% |       15473      3.07%     32.66% |       15498      3.07%     35.73% |       15417      3.06%     38.79% |       15430      3.06%     41.85% |       15440      3.06%     44.91% |       15448      3.06%     47.98% |       15414      3.06%     51.03% |       15424      3.06%     54.09% |       15416      3.06%     57.15% |       15443      3.06%     60.21% |       15423      3.06%     63.27% |       15446      3.06%     66.33% |       15461      3.07%     69.40% |       15463      3.07%     72.46% |       15437      3.06%     75.53% |       15451      3.06%     78.59% |       15448      3.06%     81.65% |       15423      3.06%     84.71% |       15405      3.05%     87.77% |       15449      3.06%     90.83% |       15408      3.06%     93.88% |       15406      3.06%     96.94% |       15433      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       504282                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         504      3.21%      3.21% |         453      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         451      2.87%     14.63% |         430      2.74%     17.37% |         472      3.01%     20.38% |         491      3.13%     23.51% |         505      3.22%     26.73% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.67% |         498      3.17%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.69% |         510      3.25%     45.94% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.36% |         532      3.39%     55.75% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.20% |         474      3.02%     65.22% |         523      3.33%     68.55% |         477      3.04%     71.59% |         450      2.87%     74.46% |         519      3.31%     77.77% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         479      3.05%     87.83% |         458      2.92%     90.75% |         510      3.25%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15689                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24776      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.51% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24695      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789719                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171976      9.59%      9.59% |       54289      3.03%     12.61% |       49287      2.75%     15.36% |       52995      2.95%     18.31% |       53513      2.98%     21.30% |       49520      2.76%     24.06% |       45960      2.56%     26.62% |       45967      2.56%     29.18% |       51533      2.87%     32.05% |       49820      2.78%     34.83% |       54069      3.01%     37.84% |       51027      2.84%     40.69% |       48284      2.69%     43.38% |       46916      2.61%     45.99% |       47885      2.67%     48.66% |       46616      2.60%     51.26% |       50559      2.82%     54.08% |       48370      2.70%     56.77% |       49898      2.78%     59.55% |       54010      3.01%     62.57% |       54533      3.04%     65.60% |       63390      3.53%     69.14% |       58009      3.23%     72.37% |       53248      2.97%     75.34% |       53460      2.98%     78.32% |       51445      2.87%     81.19% |       52508      2.93%     84.11% |       52305      2.92%     87.03% |       55509      3.09%     90.12% |       55163      3.07%     93.20% |       63467      3.54%     96.73% |       58591      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794122                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           5     26.32%     26.32% |           0      0.00%     26.32% |           1      5.26%     31.58% |           1      5.26%     36.84% |           1      5.26%     42.11% |           0      0.00%     42.11% |           1      5.26%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           1      5.26%     52.63% |           1      5.26%     57.89% |           1      5.26%     63.16% |           1      5.26%     68.42% |           1      5.26%     73.68% |           0      0.00%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           1      5.26%     84.21% |           1      5.26%     89.47% |           1      5.26%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           19                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       85319     16.81%     16.81% |      253748     50.00%     66.81% |       20928      4.12%     70.94% |       22148      4.36%     75.30% |       20871      4.11%     79.41% |       23364      4.60%     84.02% |       20981      4.13%     88.15% |       22178      4.37%     92.52% |       18146      3.58%     96.10% |       19813      3.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       507496                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       85319     16.81%     16.81% |      253748     50.00%     66.81% |       20928      4.12%     70.94% |       22148      4.36%     75.30% |       20871      4.11%     79.41% |       23364      4.60%     84.02% |       20981      4.13%     88.15% |       22178      4.37%     92.52% |       18146      3.58%     96.10% |       19813      3.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       507496                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       85319     16.81%     16.81% |      253748     50.00%     66.81% |       20928      4.12%     70.94% |       22148      4.36%     75.30% |       20871      4.11%     79.41% |       23364      4.60%     84.02% |       20981      4.13%     88.15% |       22178      4.37%     92.52% |       18146      3.58%     96.10% |       19813      3.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       507496                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       85319     16.81%     16.81% |      253748     50.00%     66.81% |       20928      4.12%     70.94% |       22148      4.36%     75.30% |       20871      4.11%     79.41% |       23364      4.60%     84.02% |       20981      4.13%     88.15% |       22178      4.37%     92.52% |       18146      3.58%     96.10% |       19813      3.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       507496                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
