
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.153916                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                153915738500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5330083817000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  40687                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    77437                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               96766364                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4508128                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1590.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64716031                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     123170974                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25269440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25269440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21423296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21423296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334739                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164177103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164177103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139188469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139188469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303365572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303365572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394836                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334739                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394836                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334739                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25268352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21423104                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25269504                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21423296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   101012                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    12275                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153915475000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394836                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334739                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 204672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   2026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  2096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  2288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  2320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  2381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  2608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2749                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  3010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  3053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  3059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  3242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  3520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  3708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  4017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  4674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                107484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  52633                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  54842                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  55157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  55646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  16904                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  20783                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  29989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       226313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.307123                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.572636                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   158.016177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        75347     33.29%     33.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        59861     26.45%     59.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70395     31.11%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9636      4.26%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5074      2.24%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2625      1.16%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1355      0.60%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          778      0.34%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1242      0.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       226313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        50325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.845365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.912683                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        50317     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        50325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        50324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.651578                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.069380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.433786                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40404     80.29%     80.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2659      5.28%     85.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4673      9.29%     94.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2588      5.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        50324                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 63315766425                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            70718603925                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974090000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   160366.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              179116.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.42                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  290735                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 212493                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               63.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    210965.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   68.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26566059250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5139420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122205598250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              861227640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              849600360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              469915875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              463571625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546428000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1532934000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086456240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082522880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10052705520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10052705520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61181290575                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        60925009455                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38678839500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38903647500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113876863350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113809991340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.887443                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.452958                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24509184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24509184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20685440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20685440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159237673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159237673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134394573                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134394573                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293632246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293632246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382956                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323210                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382956                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323210                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24507904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20685440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24509184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20685440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20042                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    76496                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    10718                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153914984000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382956                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323210                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 200251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2193                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   2583                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2949                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   3031                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  3145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  3211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  4225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  4459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  4658                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 83007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  51337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  53470                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  54251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  54777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  17093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  19603                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  25724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       198679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   227.463678                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.819081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   162.322595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        48206     24.26%     24.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        58698     29.54%     53.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70601     35.54%     89.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9576      4.82%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5173      2.60%     96.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2578      1.30%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1411      0.71%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          918      0.46%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1518      0.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       198679                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.871788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.578045                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48640     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48646                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.644123                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.068979                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.403272                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38648     79.45%     79.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3259      6.70%     86.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4169      8.57%     94.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2570      5.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 57628725150                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            64808775150                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   150491.79                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              169241.79                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  287032                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 220427                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               68.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217958.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   71.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27042026750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5139420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121729630750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              756362880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              745559640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              412698000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              406803375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500626400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486071600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049358240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1044906480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10052705520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10052705520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60149404755                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59673544245                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39584002500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40001424000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113505158295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113411014860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.472379                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.860704                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24509248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24509248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20686976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20686976                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382957                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323234                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323234                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159238089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159238089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134404553                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134404553                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293642641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293642641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382957                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323234                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382957                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323234                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24508096                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20686976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24509248                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20686976                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    73006                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    10831                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153914911000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382957                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323234                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 200639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   2330                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2935                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   3248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   3301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  3284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3803                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  4081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  4277                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  4524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  4810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 79220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46960                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  51345                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  53563                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  54414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  54709                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  17024                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  19401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  25818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       196514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   229.980398                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.030076                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   163.489202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46552     23.69%     23.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        57189     29.10%     52.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71281     36.27%     89.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9702      4.94%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5219      2.66%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2603      1.32%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1470      0.75%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          895      0.46%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1603      0.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       196514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.863203                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.632491                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48694     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.637248                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.064098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.399708                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38730     79.53%     79.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3302      6.78%     86.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4005      8.22%     94.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2663      5.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48700                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 56619593479                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            63799699729                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   147855.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              166605.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.40                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.24                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.37                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  287574                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 222075                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               68.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    217950.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   72.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5139420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121633045750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              749233800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              736306200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              408808125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              401754375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1500876000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1485876600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049364720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1045062000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10052705520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10052705520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59727219435                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59263079265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39954340500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40361481000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113442548100                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113346264960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          737.065584                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.440008                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24488960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24488960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20684480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20684480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382640                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323195                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159106276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159106276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134388336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134388336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293494612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293494612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382640                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323195                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382640                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323195                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24488320                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20684224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24488960                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20684480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    71981                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    10437                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153914615500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382640                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323195                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 200179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2798                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   3073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   3070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   3307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  3232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  3325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3402                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3891                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  4017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  4015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  4100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  4117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  4067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  4035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 78208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  51552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  53859                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  54645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  55022                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16882                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  19165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  25131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       195296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   231.297395                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   182.627622                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   163.370912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        44883     22.98%     22.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        57779     29.59%     52.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71179     36.45%     89.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9732      4.98%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5129      2.63%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2616      1.34%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1441      0.74%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          950      0.49%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1587      0.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       195296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.858187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.007615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48685     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48691                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.637592                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.065030                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.396406                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38706     79.49%     79.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3297      6.77%     86.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4096      8.41%     94.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2592      5.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48691                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 56551805322                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            63726117822                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913150000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   147797.63                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              166547.63                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.39                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.39                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.37                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  287588                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 222929                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               68.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    218060.33                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   72.33                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26225368750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5139420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122546288750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              743004360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              733357800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              405409125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              400145625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499136600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485166800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049196240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1044958320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10052705520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10052705520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        59904571230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59358143295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39798768750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40278091500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113452791825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113352568860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          737.132140                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.480966                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              521524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13547035                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 35.551931                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.118476                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                59.983749                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    13219838     97.58%     97.58% |      143412      1.06%     98.64% |       73459      0.54%     99.19% |       45048      0.33%     99.52% |       28181      0.21%     99.73% |       20992      0.15%     99.88% |       10382      0.08%     99.96% |        5155      0.04%    100.00% |         568      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13547035                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43750575                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.044237                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.642624                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.718753                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41632272     95.16%     95.16% |     1417684      3.24%     98.40% |       71815      0.16%     98.56% |       98337      0.22%     98.79% |      119887      0.27%     99.06% |      134896      0.31%     99.37% |      117216      0.27%     99.64% |       87968      0.20%     99.84% |       70500      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43750575                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43750572                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              25.184118                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.726766                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            160.226289                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43449409     99.31%     99.31% |      239601      0.55%     99.86% |       53297      0.12%     99.98% |        7412      0.02%    100.00% |         788      0.00%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43750572                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41579166                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000131                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000113                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.011445                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41573719     99.99%     99.99% |        5447      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41579166                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171406                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        449.974165                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       237.145874                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       572.181462                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1870243     86.13%     86.13% |      239601     11.03%     97.16% |       53297      2.45%     99.62% |        7412      0.34%     99.96% |         788      0.04%    100.00% |          60      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171406                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         322097                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       322097                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          540                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          432                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          414                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          372                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26966608                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312061                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28278669                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14607638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127054                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14734692                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       494694                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46122                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       194900                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130293                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78023                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          584                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89559                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        32018                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          693                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        97218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        97911                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        35008                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          610                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91538                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        33038                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          632                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94685                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        95317                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        34042                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91532                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        33049                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          629                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94113                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        94742                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        33936                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        85828                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        86390                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        31177                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          592                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88391                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        88983                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        32051                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119231                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59654                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178885                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47879                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68024                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16802                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47925                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64727                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47912                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47950                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60531                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61319                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47914                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60432                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15591                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63472                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63698                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47837                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64309                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62296                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47823                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64081                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47810                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67930                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47792                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63990                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16972                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64867                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18402                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47941                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66343                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47865                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18411                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47776                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66187                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20352                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68182                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19319                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47832                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62024                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27397                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47798                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75195                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24889                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47813                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13601                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47870                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61471                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11039                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58880                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10845                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47856                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58701                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47929                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62823                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47862                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62982                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           10                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     22237115                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     22237115                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22553930                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     22237114                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9385652                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9357142                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     22237113                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.072238                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     10337322                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     10337322                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10668108                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10337322                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5015290                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4990538                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     10337322                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.033581                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7266688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7266688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7549232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7266688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2763607                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2752856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7266688                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.023606                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6228498                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6228498                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6514229                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6228498                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2447590                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2439910                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6228498                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.020233                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8507043                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8507043                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8803420                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8507043                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3689343                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3667439                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8507043                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.027635                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8792377                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8792377                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9104008                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8792377                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3688937                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3681325                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8792377                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028562                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9284609                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9284609                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9622814                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9284609                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3374752                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3367473                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9284609                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030161                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6384898                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6384898                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6703892                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6384898                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2465134                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2458422                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6384898                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020742                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4202531                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4202531                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4351694                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4202531                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1676604                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1671395                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4202531                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.013652                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5561425                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5561425                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5777193                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5561425                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2389821                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2382257                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5561425                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018066                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3864275                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3864275                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3952598                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3864275                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1456701                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1454851                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3864275                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012553                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3442425                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3442425                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3467991                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3442425                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1278059                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1277585                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3442425                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011183                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4767075                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4767075                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4804539                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4767075                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1967265                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1966659                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4767075                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015486                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3645660                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3645660                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3675451                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3645660                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1373156                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1372728                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3645660                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011843                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2094105                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2094105                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2119395                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2094105                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       765696                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       765297                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2094105                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006803                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3204259                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3204259                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3254384                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3204259                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1165152                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1164343                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3204259                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010409                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4324234                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4324234                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4369175                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4324234                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1518582                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1517826                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4324234                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014047                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3366391                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3366391                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3412516                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3366391                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1207746                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1206907                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3366391                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010936                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3435831                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3435831                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3510226                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3435831                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1254901                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1253731                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3435831                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011161                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959235                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959235                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1984960                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959235                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724320                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       723807                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959235                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006365                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1797058                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1797058                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1802131                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1797058                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       720096                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       720030                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1797058                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005838                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2429965                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2429965                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2437743                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2429965                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034285                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1033965                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2429965                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007894                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2109911                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2109911                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2117679                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2109911                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845518                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       845419                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2109911                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006854                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311375                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311375                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311375                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311375                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499443                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499443                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311375                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004260                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1757568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1757568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1762295                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1757568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       674394                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       674352                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1757568                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005710                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2407951                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2407951                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2415969                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2407951                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1013886                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1013563                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2407951                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007822                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2068725                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2068725                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2076164                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2068725                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       819780                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       819701                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2068725                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006720                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331770                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331770                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331770                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331770                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506406                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506406                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331770                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004326                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7854970                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7854970                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8280243                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7854970                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2940375                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2934486                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7854969                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025517                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7875587                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7875587                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8155589                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7875587                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2894020                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2888235                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7875587                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025584                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7879805                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7879805                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8268767                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7879805                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2898594                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2891961                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7879805                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025598                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8228677                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8228677                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8583438                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8228677                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3035388                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3028497                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8228677                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026731                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13583412     30.56%     30.56% |    28799159     64.80%     95.36% |     2060228      4.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     44442799                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13583414     30.56%     30.56% |    28799160     64.80%     95.36% |     2060228      4.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     44442802                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   456426020                       |   690577940                       |    45917513                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   287781614                       |   117152948                       |     2060228                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   33.601721                       |   23.979101                       |   22.287588                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   21.186254                       |    4.067929                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.841727                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     9.157722                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         35.999449                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002261                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.053979      7.75%      7.75% |    0.053840      7.73%     15.48% |    0.053666      7.71%     23.19% |    0.053488      7.68%     30.86% |    0.112086     16.09%     46.96% |    0.112005     16.08%     63.04% |    0.112021     16.08%     79.12% |    0.111963     16.08%     95.20% |    0.008360      1.20%     96.40% |    0.008362      1.20%     97.60% |    0.008363      1.20%     98.80% |    0.008360      1.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.696492                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017254                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027800                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001702                       |    0.001861                       |    0.001752                       |    0.001812                       |    0.001752                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001642                       |    0.001692                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004519                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002027                       |    0.002021                       |    0.002011                       |    0.002006                       |    0.001959                       |    0.001957                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002035                       |    0.002073                       |    0.002062                       |    0.001993                       |    0.002005                       |    0.001990                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002048                       |    0.002035                       |    0.002054                       |    0.002067                       |    0.002063                       |    0.002116                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002060                       |    0.002077                       |    0.002106                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002098                       |    0.002140                       |    0.002116                       |    0.002273                       |    0.002226                       |    0.007690                       |    0.007458                       |    0.007458                       |    0.007452                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000909                       |    0.001957                       |    0.000127                       |    0.000141                       |    0.000131                       |    0.000138                       |    0.000130                       |    0.000136                       |    0.000120                       |    0.000125                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002141                       |    0.001415                       |    0.001671                       |    0.002151                       |    0.000120                       |    0.002547                       |    0.005317                       |    0.001846                       |           0                       |    0.002276                       |    0.006832                       |           0                       |    0.005284                       |    0.008420                       |    0.002705                       |    0.001733                       |    0.002141                       |    0.000127                       |    0.005666                       |    0.004512                       |    0.009427                       |    0.001893                       |    0.002125                       |    0.000141                       |    0.007924                       |    0.004958                       |    0.003193                       |           0                       |    0.002241                       |    0.006605                       |           0                       |    0.008175                       |    0.005021                       |    0.003542                       |           0                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.004139                       |    0.002511                       |    0.002348                       |           0                       |    0.002215                       |           0                       |    0.002077                       |    0.001417                       |           0                       |    0.002249                       |           0                       |    0.001150                       |    0.002116                       |    0.002379                       |    0.001721                       |    0.002139                       |    0.000125                       |    0.002427                       |    0.004102                       |    0.005334                       |    0.002218                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002120                       |    0.000131                       |    0.004704                       |    0.008336                       |    0.007266                       |    0.003295                       |    0.027682                       |    0.003978                       |    0.000909                       |    0.003406                       |    0.013770                       |    0.018375                       |    0.004119                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002245                       |    0.001957                       |    0.003523                       |    0.007531                       |    0.014178                       |    0.004146                       |    0.001844                       |    0.002112                       |    0.000138                       |    0.006913                       |    0.005558                       |    0.007888                       |    0.004110                       |           0                       |    0.002118                       |           0                       |    0.002023                       |    0.004099                       |    0.004077                       |    0.003170                       |           0                       |    0.002241                       |           0                       |    0.001121                       |    0.002106                       |    0.002355                       |           0                       |    0.002257                       |           0                       |    0.000260                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002200                       |           0                       |    0.002183                       |           0                       |    0.001916                       |    0.002339                       |    0.003999                       |    0.002117                       |           0                       |    0.002410                       |    0.006605                       |           0                       |    0.001933                       |    0.005279                       |    0.007250                       |    0.002120                       |    0.001782                       |    0.002078                       |    0.000130                       |    0.014786                       |    0.005658                       |    0.003557                       |    0.002169                       |    0.001833                       |    0.002085                       |    0.000136                       |    0.002361                       |    0.007871                       |    0.004299                       |    0.002157                       |           0                       |    0.002339                       |    0.006603                       |           0                       |    0.002787                       |    0.008213                       |    0.004604                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.002121                       |           0                       |    0.001152                       |    0.004069                       |    0.002302                       |    0.002200                       |           0                       |    0.002205                       |           0                       |    0.000223                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002228                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002060                       |           0                       |    0.002117                       |           0                       |    0.000847                       |           0                       |    0.003839                       |           0                       |    0.002120                       |           0                       |    0.002916                       |    0.000636                       |    0.004738                       |           0                       |    0.002169                       |           0                       |    0.007079                       |    0.002456                       |    0.002343                       |           0                       |    0.002157                       |           0                       |    0.000930                       |    0.005092                       |    0.002757                       |           0                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.004575                       |    0.004401                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004165                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002228                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002098                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.696492                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14488503                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14488503                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694937                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11832061                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11177303                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.466239                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          578524                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29678                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14725264                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95026                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22493998                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188693                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14820290                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22682691                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37219262                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283719                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37502981                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14741881                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10096                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14751977                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14741881                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14751977                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                301004822                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47226048                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76282052                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14488503                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11755827                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247787646                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1521668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       207310                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       371868                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       349652                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14741276                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341374                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296854058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.705793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        266084567     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5816499      1.96%     91.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1716621      0.58%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1355899      0.46%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4962690      1.67%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5254944      1.77%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1198753      0.40%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           615240      0.21%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9848845      3.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296854058                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048134                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.253425                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28196283                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     244042246                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17709591                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6145097                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         760834                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141723363                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         760834                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30925652                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151473360                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16929307                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20821145                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      75943753                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138421585                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2828676                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150670950                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     312167697                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    187634558                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     132989126                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17681796                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443203                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447729                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41675365                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7898686                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23053965                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1048526                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       812424                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135593359                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       580123                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         139761953                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294446                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12599737                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17047278                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141889                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296854058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470810                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.212967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239759967     80.77%     80.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22529339      7.59%     88.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13709993      4.62%     92.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8669585      2.92%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3426372      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3983137      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730189      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562242      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483234      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296854058                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123959      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954477     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324151     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504828      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101370050     72.53%     72.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63749      0.05%     72.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14942189     10.69%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22828812     16.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      139761953                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.464318                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402587                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010036                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    578074942                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148782999                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130587037                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140659684                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1537113                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341225                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2778                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10065                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075042                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8268957                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         760834                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5533080                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142724602                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136173482                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105779                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7898686                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23053965                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       571030                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         102222                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10065                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407027                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369069                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776096                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138461272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14714234                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017514                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37247320                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12133929                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22533086                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.459997                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130728255                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130587057                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78138881                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112496429                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.433837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.694590                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12929472                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       438234                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707769                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294627152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.418057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.207800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245456253     83.31%     83.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19218099      6.52%     89.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10985402      3.73%     93.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10792728      3.66%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2239734      0.76%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       510083      0.17%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390330      0.81%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523631      0.18%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2510892      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294627152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64716030                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      123170971                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28536372                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6557457                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11428081                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122594472                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       496469                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217996      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94303377     76.56%     76.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62387      0.05%     76.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6557457      5.32%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21978915     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    123170971                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2510892                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            428008639                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           274440343                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88187                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4150764                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64716030                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             123170971                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.651163                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.651163                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.215000                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.215000                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        191120198                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95322281                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60480055                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45342213                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        62036158                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2485058000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2485058000.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248184                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        47.506808                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.956426                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       86.168236                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5920990     94.76%     94.76% |      143409      2.30%     97.06% |       73459      1.18%     98.23% |       45048      0.72%     98.96% |       28181      0.45%     99.41% |       20992      0.34%     99.74% |       10382      0.17%     99.91% |        5155      0.08%     99.99% |         568      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248184                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7280143                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.326179                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.232684                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.748158                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1159800     15.93%     15.93% |     4004560     55.01%     70.94% |     2020152     27.75%     98.69% |       92162      1.27%     99.95% |        3165      0.04%    100.00% |         245      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7280143                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18708                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.117490                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.808949                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.105057                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         659      3.52%      3.52% |        2246     12.01%     15.53% |        8588     45.91%     61.43% |        4359     23.30%     84.73% |        2830     15.13%     99.86% |          25      0.13%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18708                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6175842                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           46.292554                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.108550                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         251.579405                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6065980     98.22%     98.22% |       84666      1.37%     99.59% |       21740      0.35%     99.94% |        3102      0.05%     99.99% |         330      0.01%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6175842                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5727893                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000634                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000547                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025177                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5724260     99.94%     99.94% |        3633      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5727893                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       447949                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     599.863355                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    228.534508                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    736.342615                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      338087     75.47%     75.47% |       84666     18.90%     94.38% |       21740      4.85%     99.23% |        3102      0.69%     99.92% |         330      0.07%     99.99% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        447949                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22513653                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           33.613324                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.101399                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         178.711912                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22322409     99.15%     99.15% |      154891      0.69%     99.84% |       31545      0.14%     99.98% |        4309      0.02%    100.00% |         458      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22513653                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20945389                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000082                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000071                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009040                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20943677     99.99%     99.99% |        1712      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20945389                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1568264                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     442.477058                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    267.088237                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    528.022831                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1377020     87.81%     87.81% |      154891      9.88%     97.68% |       31545      2.01%     99.69% |        4309      0.27%     99.97% |         458      0.03%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1568264                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14734690                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.748315                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085305                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.428707                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14734336    100.00%    100.00% |         301      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14734690                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14607638                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14607636    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14607638                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127052                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.784836                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.503471                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    71.738650                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126698     99.72%     99.72% |         301      0.24%     99.96% |          26      0.02%     99.98% |          14      0.01%     99.99% |           9      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127052                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.086729                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.490919                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      323515     99.52%     99.52% |        1443      0.44%     99.96% |         104      0.03%     99.99% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325081                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296968                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296868     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296968                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   108.069647                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.290345                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    83.946740                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       26547     94.43%     94.43% |        1443      5.13%     99.56% |         104      0.37%     99.93% |          15      0.05%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13428                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1598894                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       266517                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    48994                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    37687                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    52067                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    42663                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    48973                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    40192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    52010                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    40163                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    48966                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    40176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   48966                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   42689                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   45906                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   37657                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   45906                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   40115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   1726                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1225                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   1821                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   1433                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   1747                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   1312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   1878                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   1341                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   1754                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   1328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  1754                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  1407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  1646                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  1255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  1646                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  1389                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    17820                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    14219                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    18876                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    16105                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    17853                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    15164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    18917                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    15080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    17847                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    15188                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   17808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   16077                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   16836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   14331                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   16769                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   15286                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                38912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                53888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                44096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                53888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               44096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               47552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               38912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               47552                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1764746                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 1436114                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 1738308                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1446877                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1792010                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 1522099                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1748725                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 1418726                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 1776333                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 1483103                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                1664951                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                1459701                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                1896846                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                1600942                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                1797516                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4296570144                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   15536                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   15536                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  13712                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  13712                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  38352                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  38352                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 33840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 33840                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                14044                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 9551                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                14928                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                10788                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                14048                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                10173                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                14920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                10167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                14041                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                10167                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               14037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               10806                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               13166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                9531                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               13163                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               10141                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                580                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                321                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                608                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                396                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                576                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                355                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                616                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                361                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                583                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                361                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               587                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               378                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               546                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               341                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses               549                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               387                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               34950                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               28136                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               37139                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               31875                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               34925                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               30019                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               37090                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               29996                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               34925                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               30009                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              34929                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              31883                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              32740                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              28126                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              32743                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              29974                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              1146                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               904                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              1213                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              1037                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              1171                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               957                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              1262                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               980                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              1171                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               967                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             1167                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             1029                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             1100                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses              914                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             1097                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             1002                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2573670                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2110587                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2631607                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2211350                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2590178                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2223990                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2624837                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2188583                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2583484                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2186719                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2513741                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2220968                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2599229                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2199012                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2586446                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2213825                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1452021                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1213518                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1516278                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1285449                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1466173                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1334739                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1487680                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1218326                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1517463                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1166014                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              1452476                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1145928                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1436285                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1227792                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1540802                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1231560                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             596539                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             490253                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             634269                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             555146                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             596570                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             523631                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             636262                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             524200                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             596989                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             522823                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            596485                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            555298                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            559589                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            492788                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            559340                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            523021                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3268067                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2737712                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3247093                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2905845                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3231458                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2889125                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3361717                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2881619                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3131584                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2890971                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             3114586                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3021460                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             3256314                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2910582                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3037901                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             3057719                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1452021                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1213518                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1516278                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1285449                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1466173                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1334739                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1487680                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1218326                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1517463                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1166014                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         1452476                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1145928                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1436285                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1227792                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1540802                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1231560                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        593805                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        482176                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        631295                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        546468                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        593614                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        513657                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        630742                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        514620                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        594085                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        514948                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       593714                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       547110                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       556978                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       481908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       557271                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       514564                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2011798                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1668515                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2028059                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1728688                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2014289                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1760588                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2062280                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1734553                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2012843                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1728353                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1944380                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1772526                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2037785                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1776495                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2000208                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1792641                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2549430                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2077101                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2604219                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2186411                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2557347                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2191212                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2614553                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2171613                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2554322                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2159771                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2482774                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2203360                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2575940                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2171958                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2544334                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2204380                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305598604                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305598600                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305598606                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305598602                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305598611                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305598607                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305598623                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305598619                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2556153                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2089378                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2615578                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2200256                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2562216                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2212152                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2607094                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2177969                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2561859                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2163857                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2505545                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2208940                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2587876                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2185708                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2567448                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2204185                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               946                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               669                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1006                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               776                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               954                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               714                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1020                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               725                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               958                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               722                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              954                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              766                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              892                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              679                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              901                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              746                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             17910                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             14473                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             19078                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             16427                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             17865                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             15453                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             19031                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             15532                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             17874                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1             15427                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1            17921                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            16447                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1            16658                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1            14371                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            16719                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1            15331                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2976                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              2118                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2936                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              2251                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              3423                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2889                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2253                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             3156                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2605                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2439                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1872                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2556                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             2143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         1558008                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         1245097                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         1514898                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         1232662                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         1592075                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         1313444                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         1525518                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         1185184                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         1583859                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         1292323                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        1459154                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        1245091                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        1744599                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        1449488                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        1621348                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        1433503                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394809     25.58%     25.58% |      382956     24.81%     50.39% |      382957     24.81%     75.21% |      382640     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543362                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328908     25.68%     25.68% |      317372     24.77%     50.45% |      317393     24.78%     75.23% |      317352     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1281025                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394835     25.58%     25.58% |      382956     24.81%     50.40% |      382957     24.81%     75.21% |      382640     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543388                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334739     25.66%     25.66% |      323210     24.78%     50.44% |      323234     24.78%     75.22% |      323195     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304378                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57709     25.14%     25.14% |       57392     25.00%     50.14% |       57372     24.99%     75.13% |       57096     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229569                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394809     25.58%     25.58% |      382956     24.81%     50.39% |      382957     24.81%     75.21% |      382640     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543362                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328652     25.67%     25.67% |      317178     24.78%     50.45% |      317202     24.78%     75.23% |      317163     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280195                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57709     25.14%     25.14% |       57392     25.00%     50.14% |       57372     24.99%     75.13% |       57096     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229569                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394808     25.58%     25.58% |      382956     24.81%     50.39% |      382957     24.81%     75.21% |      382640     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543361                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328652     25.67%     25.67% |      317178     24.78%     50.45% |      317202     24.78%     75.23% |      317163     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280195                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5976938     96.75%     96.75% |          14      0.00%     96.75% |       24432      0.40%     97.15% |       26656      0.43%     97.58% |       25088      0.41%     97.98% |       26000      0.42%     98.41% |       25088      0.41%     98.81% |       25744      0.42%     99.23% |       23520      0.38%     99.61% |       24176      0.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6177656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14734740    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14734740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22303913     97.65%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |       65127      0.29%     97.94% |       71255      0.31%     98.25% |       67060      0.29%     98.54% |       69318      0.30%     98.85% |       67062      0.29%     99.14% |       68998      0.30%     99.44% |       62870      0.28%     99.72% |       64807      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22840410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18643     99.78%     99.78% |          14      0.07%     99.85% |           3      0.02%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           4      0.02%     99.89% |           2      0.01%     99.90% |           9      0.05%     99.95% |           4      0.02%     99.97% |           6      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1433931     66.32%     66.32% |           0      0.00%     66.32% |       88474      4.09%     70.41% |       96707      4.47%     74.88% |       91029      4.21%     79.09% |       94180      4.36%     83.45% |       91024      4.21%     87.66% |       93609      4.33%     91.99% |       85316      3.95%     95.94% |       87880      4.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2162150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     25.00%     25.00% |           3     25.00%     50.00% |           3     25.00%     75.00% |           1      8.33%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           2     18.18%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2     18.18%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           3     27.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247344     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24078      5.41%     60.98% |       26254      5.90%     66.88% |       24719      5.55%     72.43% |       25618      5.76%     78.19% |       24726      5.56%     83.74% |       25361      5.70%     89.44% |       23175      5.21%     94.65% |       23817      5.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           2     18.18%     36.36% |           2     18.18%     54.55% |           1      9.09%     63.64% |           2     18.18%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191752     69.04%     69.04% |           0      0.00%     69.04% |       64897      3.76%     72.80% |       70964      4.11%     76.91% |       66819      3.87%     80.78% |       69065      4.00%     84.78% |       66804      3.87%     88.65% |       68751      3.98%     92.63% |       62651      3.63%     96.26% |       64572      3.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1726275                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307111     64.22%     64.22% |           0      0.00%     64.22% |       88461      4.35%     68.57% |       96706      4.75%     73.32% |       91026      4.47%     77.79% |       94167      4.63%     82.42% |       91015      4.47%     86.89% |       93589      4.60%     91.49% |       85311      4.19%     95.68% |       87871      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2035257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      249966     55.83%     55.83% |          14      0.00%     55.83% |       24078      5.38%     61.21% |       26254      5.86%     67.07% |       24719      5.52%     72.59% |       25620      5.72%     78.32% |       24728      5.52%     83.84% |       25363      5.66%     89.50% |       23177      5.18%     94.68% |       23820      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061825     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       64897      4.07%     70.58% |       70964      4.45%     75.03% |       66819      4.19%     79.21% |       69065      4.33%     83.54% |       66804      4.18%     87.72% |       68750      4.31%     92.03% |       62651      3.92%     95.96% |       64571      4.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1596346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.82%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |           4      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.02%     99.87% |           4      0.04%     99.91% |           4      0.04%     99.95% |           6      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         211    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4512    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          43    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1826     98.97%     98.97% |           0      0.00%     98.97% |           2      0.11%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           3      0.16%     99.24% |           3      0.16%     99.40% |           8      0.43%     99.84% |           1      0.05%     99.89% |           2      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1845                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14607638    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14607638                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5447     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5449                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%     99.99% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2578969     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         354      0.01%     99.90% |         402      0.02%     99.92% |         369      0.01%     99.93% |         380      0.01%     99.94% |         360      0.01%     99.96% |         381      0.01%     99.97% |         343      0.01%     99.99% |         356      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2581914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59006    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59006                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1855     99.30%     99.30% |          12      0.64%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1868                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186410     48.53%     48.53% |           0      0.00%     48.53% |       24078      6.27%     54.80% |       26236      6.83%     61.63% |       24701      6.43%     68.06% |       25617      6.67%     74.73% |       24726      6.44%     81.17% |       25358      6.60%     87.77% |       23173      6.03%     93.80% |       23814      6.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       384113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           2     25.00%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2993661    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2993661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21182654     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         230      0.00%     99.99% |         291      0.00%     99.99% |         241      0.00%     99.99% |         252      0.00%    100.00% |         258      0.00%    100.00% |         248      0.00%    100.00% |         219      0.00%    100.00% |         236      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21184629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         177     96.20%     96.20% |           0      0.00%     96.20% |           3      1.63%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           4      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120701     67.87%     67.87% |           0      0.00%     67.87% |       64383      3.90%     71.77% |       70470      4.27%     76.04% |       66325      4.02%     80.06% |       68550      4.15%     84.21% |       66289      4.01%     88.22% |       68231      4.13%     92.36% |       62138      3.76%     96.12% |       64057      3.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1651144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     25.00%     25.00% |           3     25.00%     50.00% |           3     25.00%     75.00% |           1      8.33%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     99.18%     99.18% |           0      0.00%     99.18% |           1      0.16%     99.35% |           0      0.00%     99.35% |           1      0.16%     99.51% |           1      0.16%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           2      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247344     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24078      5.41%     60.98% |       26254      5.90%     66.88% |       24719      5.55%     72.43% |       25618      5.76%     78.19% |       24726      5.56%     83.74% |       25361      5.70%     89.44% |       23175      5.21%     94.65% |       23817      5.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           2     18.18%     36.36% |           2     18.18%     54.55% |           1      9.09%     63.64% |           2     18.18%     81.82% |           2     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129884    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129886                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     30.23%     30.23% |           0      0.00%     30.23% |          10     23.26%     53.49% |           1      2.33%     55.81% |           2      4.65%     60.47% |           6     13.95%     74.42% |           4      9.30%     83.72% |           6     13.95%     97.67% |           0      0.00%     97.67% |           1      2.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           43                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061868     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       64897      4.07%     70.58% |       70964      4.45%     75.03% |       66819      4.19%     79.21% |       69065      4.33%     83.54% |       66804      4.18%     87.72% |       68750      4.31%     92.03% |       62651      3.92%     95.96% |       64571      4.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1596389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1813    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     99.73%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           0      0.00%     99.73% |           1      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          370                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307111     64.22%     64.22% |           0      0.00%     64.22% |       88461      4.35%     68.57% |       96706      4.75%     73.32% |       91026      4.47%     77.79% |       94166      4.63%     82.42% |       91015      4.47%     86.89% |       93589      4.60%     91.49% |       85311      4.19%     95.68% |       87871      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2035256                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.08%      3.08% |        3740      2.94%      6.03% |        3537      2.78%      8.81% |        3534      2.78%     11.59% |        3657      2.88%     14.47% |        4077      3.21%     17.67% |        3851      3.03%     20.70% |        3398      2.67%     23.38% |        3668      2.89%     26.26% |        5259      4.14%     30.40% |        4065      3.20%     33.60% |        3927      3.09%     36.69% |        3666      2.88%     39.57% |        4522      3.56%     43.13% |        3960      3.12%     46.25% |        3831      3.01%     49.26% |        4270      3.36%     52.62% |        4305      3.39%     56.01% |        3752      2.95%     58.96% |        3432      2.70%     61.66% |        3174      2.50%     64.16% |        3786      2.98%     67.14% |        3594      2.83%     69.97% |        3439      2.71%     72.67% |        3753      2.95%     75.63% |        3867      3.04%     78.67% |        3358      2.64%     81.31% |        4763      3.75%     85.06% |        4094      3.22%     88.28% |        5244      4.13%     92.41% |        5166      4.06%     96.47% |        4486      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127093                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108417     24.20%     24.20% |       13863      3.09%     27.30% |       11527      2.57%     29.87% |       12318      2.75%     32.62% |       11484      2.56%     35.18% |       10970      2.45%     37.63% |        9726      2.17%     39.80% |        9721      2.17%     41.97% |       11676      2.61%     44.58% |       10323      2.30%     46.88% |       13058      2.91%     49.80% |       12101      2.70%     52.50% |       10142      2.26%     54.77% |        9917      2.21%     56.98% |        9379      2.09%     59.07% |        9711      2.17%     61.24% |       10962      2.45%     63.69% |       10105      2.26%     65.94% |       10359      2.31%     68.26% |       10697      2.39%     70.64% |       10619      2.37%     73.01% |       11064      2.47%     75.48% |       12404      2.77%     78.25% |        9956      2.22%     80.48% |       10136      2.26%     82.74% |       10756      2.40%     85.14% |        9976      2.23%     87.37% |        9722      2.17%     89.54% |       11138      2.49%     92.02% |       10191      2.27%     94.30% |       11928      2.66%     96.96% |       13615      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       447961                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66549      4.17%      4.17% |       50421      3.16%      7.33% |       47234      2.96%     10.29% |       46168      2.89%     13.18% |       46347      2.90%     16.08% |       46460      2.91%     18.99% |       45303      2.84%     21.83% |       45591      2.86%     24.68% |       47481      2.97%     27.66% |       47400      2.97%     30.63% |       47606      2.98%     33.61% |       48111      3.01%     36.62% |       46723      2.93%     39.55% |       46880      2.94%     42.49% |       47090      2.95%     45.44% |       47161      2.95%     48.39% |       48240      3.02%     51.41% |       48414      3.03%     54.45% |       49583      3.11%     57.55% |       50180      3.14%     60.69% |       50288      3.15%     63.84% |       52051      3.26%     67.11% |       51932      3.25%     70.36% |       50595      3.17%     73.53% |       50978      3.19%     76.72% |       51720      3.24%     79.96% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51702      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51725      3.24%     92.94% |       58102      3.64%     96.58% |       54601      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1596418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      173008      8.50%      8.50% |       64057      3.15%     11.65% |       58554      2.88%     14.52% |       58271      2.86%     17.39% |       57591      2.83%     20.22% |       56287      2.77%     22.98% |       54822      2.69%     25.68% |       55109      2.71%     28.38% |       58939      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60439      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       59014      2.90%     54.04% |       58328      2.87%     56.91% |       59708      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.81% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64139      3.15%     72.05% |       60360      2.97%     75.01% |       60917      2.99%     78.01% |       62285      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.05% |       61232      3.01%     87.05% |       63905      3.14%     90.19% |       61727      3.03%     93.23% |       69837      3.43%     96.66% |       68020      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2035260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51108      3.99%      3.99% |       39628      3.10%      7.09% |       39651      3.10%     10.19% |       39642      3.10%     13.28% |       39619      3.10%     16.38% |       39629      3.10%     19.47% |       39633      3.10%     22.57% |       39638      3.10%     25.67% |       39645      3.10%     28.76% |       39647      3.10%     31.86% |       39648      3.10%     34.96% |       39656      3.10%     38.06% |       39628      3.10%     41.15% |       39639      3.10%     44.25% |       39641      3.10%     47.34% |       39627      3.10%     50.44% |       39674      3.10%     53.54% |       39653      3.10%     56.64% |       39660      3.10%     59.74% |       39654      3.10%     62.83% |       39637      3.10%     65.93% |       39664      3.10%     69.03% |       39658      3.10%     72.13% |       39651      3.10%     75.22% |       39655      3.10%     78.32% |       39655      3.10%     81.42% |       39651      3.10%     84.52% |       39641      3.10%     87.61% |       39648      3.10%     90.71% |       39633      3.10%     93.81% |       39641      3.10%     96.90% |       39636      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1280090                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7408      3.23%      3.23% |        7201      3.14%      6.36% |        7189      3.13%      9.49% |        7153      3.11%     12.61% |        7204      3.14%     15.74% |        7139      3.11%     18.85% |        7160      3.12%     21.97% |        7170      3.12%     25.09% |        7236      3.15%     28.24% |        7167      3.12%     31.36% |        7230      3.15%     34.51% |        7209      3.14%     37.65% |        7274      3.17%     40.81% |        7207      3.14%     43.95% |        7226      3.15%     47.10% |        7137      3.11%     50.21% |        7160      3.12%     53.32% |        7191      3.13%     56.45% |        7209      3.14%     59.59% |        7135      3.11%     62.70% |        7138      3.11%     65.81% |        7129      3.10%     68.91% |        7104      3.09%     72.00% |        7094      3.09%     75.09% |        7193      3.13%     78.23% |        7237      3.15%     81.38% |        7165      3.12%     84.50% |        7088      3.09%     87.58% |        7134      3.11%     90.69% |        7151      3.11%     93.80% |        7108      3.09%     96.90% |        7128      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229674                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59632      3.86%      3.86% |       47879      3.10%      6.97% |       47888      3.10%     10.07% |       47843      3.10%     13.17% |       47869      3.10%     16.27% |       47815      3.10%     19.37% |       47841      3.10%     22.47% |       47856      3.10%     25.57% |       47929      3.11%     28.67% |       47862      3.10%     31.78% |       47925      3.11%     34.88% |       47912      3.10%     37.99% |       47950      3.11%     41.09% |       47893      3.10%     44.20% |       47914      3.10%     47.30% |       47811      3.10%     50.40% |       47881      3.10%     53.50% |       47892      3.10%     56.60% |       47916      3.10%     59.71% |       47837      3.10%     62.81% |       47823      3.10%     65.91% |       47842      3.10%     69.01% |       47810      3.10%     72.10% |       47792      3.10%     75.20% |       47895      3.10%     78.30% |       47941      3.11%     81.41% |       47865      3.10%     84.51% |       47776      3.10%     87.61% |       47829      3.10%     90.71% |       47832      3.10%     93.81% |       47798      3.10%     96.90% |       47813      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543361                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58608      3.88%      3.88% |       46855      3.10%      6.98% |       46864      3.10%     10.08% |       46819      3.10%     13.18% |       46845      3.10%     16.28% |       46791      3.10%     19.38% |       46817      3.10%     22.48% |       46832      3.10%     25.58% |       46905      3.11%     28.69% |       46838      3.10%     31.79% |       46901      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46926      3.11%     41.10% |       46869      3.10%     44.21% |       46890      3.10%     47.31% |       46787      3.10%     50.41% |       46857      3.10%     53.51% |       46868      3.10%     56.61% |       46892      3.10%     59.72% |       46813      3.10%     62.81% |       46799      3.10%     65.91% |       46818      3.10%     69.01% |       46786      3.10%     72.11% |       46768      3.10%     75.20% |       46871      3.10%     78.31% |       46917      3.11%     81.41% |       46841      3.10%     84.51% |       46752      3.09%     87.61% |       46805      3.10%     90.71% |       46808      3.10%     93.81% |       46774      3.10%     96.90% |       46789      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510593                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          59     31.72%     31.72% |           0      0.00%     31.72% |           6      3.23%     34.95% |           4      2.15%     37.10% |          23     12.37%     49.46% |          24     12.90%     62.37% |           2      1.08%     63.44% |           4      2.15%     65.59% |           3      1.61%     67.20% |           1      0.54%     67.74% |           3      1.61%     69.35% |           3      1.61%     70.97% |           2      1.08%     72.04% |           0      0.00%     72.04% |           0      0.00%     72.04% |           0      0.00%     72.04% |           1      0.54%     72.58% |           1      0.54%     73.12% |           6      3.23%     76.34% |           3      1.61%     77.96% |           1      0.54%     78.49% |           3      1.61%     80.11% |           3      1.61%     81.72% |           3      1.61%     83.33% |           3      1.61%     84.95% |           3      1.61%     86.56% |           3      1.61%     88.17% |           4      2.15%     90.32% |           5      2.69%     93.01% |           5      2.69%     95.70% |           6      3.23%     98.92% |           2      1.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          186                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          10     83.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         629      3.40%      3.40% |         548      2.96%      6.37% |         527      2.85%      9.22% |         523      2.83%     12.04% |         568      3.07%     15.12% |         529      2.86%     17.98% |         565      3.06%     21.03% |         587      3.17%     24.21% |         624      3.37%     27.58% |         543      2.94%     30.52% |         610      3.30%     33.82% |         623      3.37%     37.19% |         675      3.65%     40.84% |         620      3.35%     44.19% |         636      3.44%     47.63% |         577      3.12%     50.75% |         586      3.17%     53.92% |         623      3.37%     57.29% |         614      3.32%     60.61% |         557      3.01%     63.63% |         555      3.00%     66.63% |         571      3.09%     69.72% |         535      2.89%     72.61% |         523      2.83%     75.44% |         602      3.26%     78.70% |         645      3.49%     82.18% |         588      3.18%     85.36% |         531      2.87%     88.24% |         542      2.93%     91.17% |         562      3.04%     94.21% |         544      2.94%     97.15% |         527      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18489                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           9     81.82%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173295      8.49%      8.49% |       64263      3.15%     11.64% |       58754      2.88%     14.51% |       58465      2.86%     17.38% |       57802      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55015      2.69%     25.67% |       55304      2.71%     28.38% |       59151      2.90%     31.28% |       57719      2.83%     34.11% |       60648      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56863      2.79%     42.81% |       56795      2.78%     45.59% |       56450      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59200      2.90%     54.04% |       58513      2.87%     56.91% |       59894      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.83% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63097      3.09%     68.90% |       64326      3.15%     72.05% |       60548      2.97%     75.02% |       61104      2.99%     78.01% |       62471      3.06%     81.07% |       60797      2.98%     84.05% |       61419      3.01%     87.06% |       64095      3.14%     90.20% |       61916      3.03%     93.23% |       70029      3.43%     96.66% |       68214      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         470      2.83%      6.09% |         465      2.80%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         513      3.09%     14.77% |         467      2.81%     17.58% |         504      3.03%     20.62% |         529      3.18%     23.80% |         547      3.29%     27.09% |         487      2.93%     30.02% |         533      3.21%     33.23% |         566      3.41%     36.64% |         618      3.72%     40.36% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.48%     47.22% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         533      3.21%     53.57% |         569      3.42%     57.00% |         563      3.39%     60.38% |         509      3.06%     63.45% |         503      3.03%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         533      3.21%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.25% |         489      2.94%     91.19% |         510      3.07%     94.26% |         489      2.94%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16617                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18679      7.92%      7.92% |        7080      3.00%     10.93% |        7082      3.00%     13.93% |        7031      2.98%     16.92% |        7005      2.97%     19.89% |        6990      2.97%     22.85% |        6998      2.97%     25.82% |        6991      2.97%     28.79% |        7033      2.98%     31.77% |        7031      2.98%     34.76% |        7063      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.72% |        6993      2.97%     43.68% |        6994      2.97%     46.65% |        6994      2.97%     49.62% |        6958      2.95%     52.57% |        6996      2.97%     55.54% |        6972      2.96%     58.50% |        7004      2.97%     61.47% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6968      2.96%     70.35% |        6991      2.97%     73.31% |        6983      2.96%     76.28% |        7002      2.97%     79.25% |        7004      2.97%     82.22% |        6983      2.96%     85.18% |        6961      2.95%     88.14% |        7004      2.97%     91.11% |        6985      2.96%     94.07% |        6960      2.95%     97.02% |        7017      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235703                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40411      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40352      3.13%     15.63% |       40358      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291042                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         552      3.32%      3.32% |         469      2.82%      6.15% |         465      2.80%      8.95% |         465      2.80%     11.75% |         511      3.08%     14.83% |         468      2.82%     17.64% |         506      3.05%     20.69% |         529      3.19%     23.88% |         546      3.29%     27.16% |         484      2.91%     30.08% |         534      3.22%     33.29% |         566      3.41%     36.70% |         618      3.72%     40.42% |         561      3.38%     43.80% |         577      3.47%     47.28% |         521      3.14%     50.41% |         531      3.20%     53.61% |         568      3.42%     57.03% |         563      3.39%     60.42% |         505      3.04%     63.46% |         502      3.02%     66.48% |         519      3.13%     69.61% |         482      2.90%     72.51% |         469      2.82%     75.34% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         591      3.56%     82.19% |         534      3.22%     85.40% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         486      2.93%     91.20% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16607                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88067     42.06%     42.06% |        6762      3.23%     45.29% |        4438      2.12%     47.40% |        5262      2.51%     49.92% |        4467      2.13%     52.05% |        3062      1.46%     53.51% |        2714      1.30%     54.81% |        2722      1.30%     56.11% |        4637      2.21%     58.32% |        3288      1.57%     59.89% |        5979      2.86%     62.75% |        5110      2.44%     65.19% |        3147      1.50%     66.69% |        2921      1.39%     68.09% |        2363      1.13%     69.22% |        2748      1.31%     70.53% |        3964      1.89%     72.42% |        3127      1.49%     73.91% |        3303      1.58%     75.49% |        3714      1.77%     77.27% |        3639      1.74%     79.00% |        4078      1.95%     80.95% |        5403      2.58%     83.53% |        2970      1.42%     84.95% |        3124      1.49%     86.44% |        3747      1.79%     88.23% |        2991      1.43%     89.66% |        2756      1.32%     90.97% |        4132      1.97%     92.95% |        3205      1.53%     94.48% |        4966      2.37%     96.85% |        6596      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209402                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26123      8.56%      8.56% |       10086      3.30%     11.86% |        6891      2.26%     14.12% |        5819      1.91%     16.02% |        5977      1.96%     17.98% |        6092      2.00%     19.98% |        4963      1.63%     21.60% |        5255      1.72%     23.32% |        7132      2.34%     25.66% |        7055      2.31%     27.97% |        7276      2.38%     30.35% |        7753      2.54%     32.89% |        6380      2.09%     34.98% |        6542      2.14%     37.12% |        6749      2.21%     39.34% |        6831      2.24%     41.57% |        7888      2.58%     44.16% |        8063      2.64%     46.80% |        9229      3.02%     49.82% |        9835      3.22%     53.04% |        9948      3.26%     56.30% |       11697      3.83%     60.13% |       11593      3.80%     63.93% |       10254      3.36%     67.29% |       10630      3.48%     70.77% |       11373      3.73%     74.49% |       10473      3.43%     77.92% |       11365      3.72%     81.65% |       12623      4.13%     85.78% |       11388      3.73%     89.51% |       17753      5.81%     95.33% |       14270      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       305306                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51105      3.99%      3.99% |       39622      3.10%      7.09% |       39645      3.10%     10.19% |       39637      3.10%     13.28% |       39618      3.10%     16.38% |       39624      3.10%     19.47% |       39631      3.10%     22.57% |       39634      3.10%     25.66% |       39643      3.10%     28.76% |       39645      3.10%     31.86% |       39644      3.10%     34.96% |       39655      3.10%     38.05% |       39627      3.10%     41.15% |       39638      3.10%     44.25% |       39639      3.10%     47.34% |       39626      3.10%     50.44% |       39673      3.10%     53.54% |       39652      3.10%     56.64% |       39657      3.10%     59.73% |       39654      3.10%     62.83% |       39637      3.10%     65.93% |       39662      3.10%     69.03% |       39656      3.10%     72.13% |       39649      3.10%     75.22% |       39653      3.10%     78.32% |       39654      3.10%     81.42% |       39648      3.10%     84.52% |       39639      3.10%     87.61% |       39645      3.10%     90.71% |       39631      3.10%     93.81% |       39639      3.10%     96.90% |       39634      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1280016                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6777      3.21%      3.21% |        6659      3.15%      6.36% |        6662      3.16%      9.52% |        6631      3.14%     12.66% |        6614      3.13%     15.79% |        6592      3.12%     18.91% |        6595      3.12%     22.04% |        6583      3.12%     25.16% |        6611      3.13%     28.29% |        6625      3.14%     31.43% |        6621      3.14%     34.56% |        6584      3.12%     37.68% |        6598      3.13%     40.81% |        6588      3.12%     43.93% |        6592      3.12%     47.05% |        6561      3.11%     50.16% |        6574      3.11%     53.27% |        6568      3.11%     56.38% |        6592      3.12%     59.50% |        6575      3.11%     62.62% |        6582      3.12%     65.73% |        6557      3.11%     68.84% |        6568      3.11%     71.95% |        6570      3.11%     75.06% |        6590      3.12%     78.18% |        6590      3.12%     81.31% |        6577      3.12%     84.42% |        6555      3.10%     87.53% |        6591      3.12%     90.65% |        6586      3.12%     93.77% |        6560      3.11%     96.87% |        6601      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211129                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           9     81.82%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          12    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      173004      8.50%      8.50% |       64057      3.15%     11.65% |       58554      2.88%     14.52% |       58271      2.86%     17.39% |       57591      2.83%     20.22% |       56287      2.77%     22.98% |       54822      2.69%     25.68% |       55109      2.71%     28.38% |       58939      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60439      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       59014      2.90%     54.04% |       58328      2.87%     56.91% |       59708      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.81% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64139      3.15%     72.05% |       60360      2.97%     75.01% |       60917      2.99%     78.01% |       62285      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.05% |       61232      3.01%     87.05% |       63905      3.14%     90.19% |       61727      3.03%     93.23% |       69837      3.43%     96.66% |       68020      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2035256                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      5.00%      5.00% |           2      3.33%      8.33% |           5      8.33%     16.67% |           4      6.67%     23.33% |           1      1.67%     25.00% |           3      5.00%     30.00% |           2      3.33%     33.33% |           4      6.67%     40.00% |           2      3.33%     43.33% |           1      1.67%     45.00% |           3      5.00%     50.00% |           1      1.67%     51.67% |           1      1.67%     53.33% |           1      1.67%     55.00% |           1      1.67%     56.67% |           1      1.67%     58.33% |           1      1.67%     60.00% |           1      1.67%     61.67% |           2      3.33%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2      3.33%     68.33% |           2      3.33%     71.67% |           2      3.33%     75.00% |           1      1.67%     76.67% |           1      1.67%     78.33% |           3      5.00%     83.33% |           2      3.33%     86.67% |           2      3.33%     90.00% |           2      3.33%     93.33% |           2      3.33%     96.67% |           2      3.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          79      4.08%      4.08% |          73      3.77%      7.84% |          62      3.20%     11.04% |          57      2.94%     13.98% |          79      4.08%     18.06% |          79      4.08%     22.14% |          59      3.04%     25.18% |          58      2.99%     28.17% |          79      4.08%     32.25% |          58      2.99%     35.24% |          75      3.87%     39.11% |          59      3.04%     42.16% |          58      2.99%     45.15% |          58      2.99%     48.14% |          57      2.94%     51.08% |          55      2.84%     53.92% |          55      2.84%     56.76% |          55      2.84%     59.60% |          54      2.79%     62.38% |          55      2.84%     65.22% |          54      2.79%     68.01% |          53      2.73%     70.74% |          54      2.79%     73.53% |          55      2.84%     76.37% |          56      2.89%     79.26% |          56      2.89%     82.15% |          54      2.79%     84.93% |          56      2.89%     87.82% |          57      2.94%     90.76% |          57      2.94%     93.70% |          61      3.15%     96.85% |          61      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1938                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     22.50%     22.50% |           0      0.00%     22.50% |           0      0.00%     22.50% |           0      0.00%     22.50% |          10     25.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           0      0.00%     47.50% |           9     22.50%     70.00% |          10     25.00%     95.00% |           2      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           40                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1     14.29%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     28.57%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     84.21%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58608      3.88%      3.88% |       46855      3.10%      6.98% |       46864      3.10%     10.08% |       46819      3.10%     13.18% |       46845      3.10%     16.28% |       46791      3.10%     19.38% |       46817      3.10%     22.48% |       46832      3.10%     25.58% |       46905      3.11%     28.69% |       46838      3.10%     31.79% |       46901      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46926      3.11%     41.10% |       46869      3.10%     44.21% |       46890      3.10%     47.31% |       46787      3.10%     50.41% |       46857      3.10%     53.51% |       46868      3.10%     56.61% |       46892      3.10%     59.72% |       46813      3.10%     62.81% |       46799      3.10%     65.91% |       46818      3.10%     69.01% |       46786      3.10%     72.11% |       46768      3.10%     75.20% |       46871      3.10%     78.31% |       46917      3.11%     81.41% |       46841      3.10%     84.51% |       46752      3.09%     87.61% |       46805      3.10%     90.71% |       46808      3.10%     93.81% |       46774      3.10%     96.90% |       46789      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510593                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     68.35%     68.35% |           0      0.00%     68.35% |           2      2.53%     70.89% |           1      1.27%     72.15% |           1      1.27%     73.42% |           1      1.27%     74.68% |           1      1.27%     75.95% |           1      1.27%     77.22% |           0      0.00%     77.22% |           0      0.00%     77.22% |           1      1.27%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           0      0.00%     78.48% |           1      1.27%     79.75% |           0      0.00%     79.75% |           0      0.00%     79.75% |           2      2.53%     82.28% |           1      1.27%     83.54% |           1      1.27%     84.81% |           1      1.27%     86.08% |           1      1.27%     87.34% |           2      2.53%     89.87% |           2      2.53%     92.41% |           2      2.53%     94.94% |           2      2.53%     97.47% |           2      2.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           3      8.57%     31.43% |           0      0.00%     31.43% |           2      5.71%     37.14% |           1      2.86%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           2      5.71%     54.29% |           1      2.86%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           7     77.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           5      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4      3.81%      8.57% |           3      2.86%     11.43% |          22     20.95%     32.38% |          22     20.95%     53.33% |           1      0.95%     54.29% |           3      2.86%     57.14% |           3      2.86%     60.00% |           1      0.95%     60.95% |           2      1.90%     62.86% |           3      2.86%     65.71% |           2      1.90%     67.62% |           0      0.00%     67.62% |           0      0.00%     67.62% |           0      0.00%     67.62% |           1      0.95%     68.57% |           1      0.95%     69.52% |           5      4.76%     74.29% |           3      2.86%     77.14% |           1      0.95%     78.10% |           1      0.95%     79.05% |           2      1.90%     80.95% |           2      1.90%     82.86% |           2      1.90%     84.76% |           2      1.90%     86.67% |           1      0.95%     87.62% |           2      1.90%     89.52% |           2      1.90%     91.43% |           3      2.86%     94.29% |           4      3.81%     98.10% |           2      1.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          105                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          74      4.04%      4.04% |          73      3.98%      8.02% |          58      3.16%     11.18% |          54      2.95%     14.13% |          57      3.11%     17.24% |          57      3.11%     20.35% |          58      3.16%     23.51% |          55      3.00%     26.51% |          76      4.15%     30.66% |          57      3.11%     33.77% |          73      3.98%     37.75% |          56      3.06%     40.81% |          56      3.06%     43.86% |          58      3.16%     47.03% |          57      3.11%     50.14% |          55      3.00%     53.14% |          54      2.95%     56.08% |          54      2.95%     59.03% |          49      2.67%     61.70% |          52      2.84%     64.54% |          53      2.89%     67.43% |          52      2.84%     70.27% |          52      2.84%     73.10% |          53      2.89%     76.00% |          54      2.95%     78.94% |          54      2.95%     81.89% |          53      2.89%     84.78% |          54      2.95%     87.73% |          55      3.00%     90.73% |          54      2.95%     93.67% |          57      3.11%     96.78% |          59      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1833                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         552      3.32%      3.32% |         469      2.82%      6.15% |         465      2.80%      8.95% |         465      2.80%     11.75% |         511      3.08%     14.83% |         468      2.82%     17.64% |         506      3.05%     20.69% |         529      3.19%     23.88% |         546      3.29%     27.16% |         484      2.91%     30.08% |         534      3.22%     33.29% |         566      3.41%     36.70% |         618      3.72%     40.42% |         561      3.38%     43.80% |         577      3.47%     47.28% |         521      3.14%     50.41% |         531      3.20%     53.61% |         568      3.42%     57.03% |         563      3.39%     60.42% |         505      3.04%     63.46% |         502      3.02%     66.48% |         519      3.13%     69.61% |         482      2.90%     72.51% |         469      2.82%     75.34% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         591      3.56%     82.19% |         534      3.22%     85.40% |         477      2.87%     88.28% |         486      2.93%     91.20% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         487      2.93%     97.19% |         466      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16607                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18678      7.92%      7.92% |        7080      3.00%     10.93% |        7082      3.00%     13.93% |        7031      2.98%     16.92% |        7005      2.97%     19.89% |        6990      2.97%     22.85% |        6998      2.97%     25.82% |        6991      2.97%     28.79% |        7033      2.98%     31.77% |        7031      2.98%     34.76% |        7063      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.72% |        6993      2.97%     43.68% |        6994      2.97%     46.65% |        6994      2.97%     49.62% |        6958      2.95%     52.57% |        6996      2.97%     55.54% |        6972      2.96%     58.50% |        7004      2.97%     61.47% |        6983      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6968      2.96%     70.35% |        6991      2.97%     73.31% |        6983      2.96%     76.28% |        7002      2.97%     79.25% |        7004      2.97%     82.22% |        6983      2.96%     85.18% |        6961      2.95%     88.14% |        7004      2.97%     91.11% |        6985      2.96%     94.07% |        6960      2.95%     97.02% |        7017      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235702                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         543      3.27%      3.27% |         470      2.83%      6.10% |         465      2.80%      8.89% |         465      2.80%     11.69% |         512      3.08%     14.77% |         467      2.81%     17.58% |         504      3.03%     20.62% |         529      3.18%     23.80% |         547      3.29%     27.09% |         487      2.93%     30.02% |         533      3.21%     33.23% |         566      3.41%     36.64% |         618      3.72%     40.36% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.48%     47.22% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         533      3.21%     53.57% |         569      3.42%     57.00% |         563      3.39%     60.38% |         509      3.06%     63.45% |         503      3.03%     66.47% |         520      3.13%     69.60% |         480      2.89%     72.49% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.59% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         533      3.21%     85.36% |         479      2.88%     88.25% |         489      2.94%     91.19% |         510      3.07%     94.26% |         489      2.94%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16617                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40411      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40352      3.13%     15.63% |       40358      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291042                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173291      8.49%      8.49% |       64257      3.15%     11.64% |       58752      2.88%     14.51% |       58459      2.86%     17.38% |       57801      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55014      2.69%     25.67% |       55304      2.71%     28.38% |       59151      2.90%     31.28% |       57718      2.83%     34.11% |       60647      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56859      2.79%     42.81% |       56795      2.78%     45.59% |       56447      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59200      2.90%     54.04% |       58513      2.87%     56.91% |       59885      2.93%     59.84% |       60877      2.98%     62.82% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63097      3.09%     68.90% |       64326      3.15%     72.05% |       60548      2.97%     75.02% |       61103      2.99%     78.01% |       62469      3.06%     81.07% |       60796      2.98%     84.05% |       61418      3.01%     87.06% |       64095      3.14%     90.20% |       61915      3.03%     93.23% |       70028      3.43%     96.66% |       68214      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041464                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           9     81.82%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           11                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      279947     23.24%     23.24% |      602300     50.00%     73.24% |       39123      3.25%     76.49% |       43292      3.59%     80.08% |       40205      3.34%     83.42% |       42328      3.51%     86.93% |       40155      3.33%     90.27% |       41882      3.48%     93.74% |       36941      3.07%     96.81% |       38427      3.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1204600                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      279947     23.24%     23.24% |      602300     50.00%     73.24% |       39123      3.25%     76.49% |       43292      3.59%     80.08% |       40205      3.34%     83.42% |       42328      3.51%     86.93% |       40155      3.33%     90.27% |       41882      3.48%     93.74% |       36941      3.07%     96.81% |       38427      3.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1204600                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      279947     23.24%     23.24% |      602300     50.00%     73.24% |       39123      3.25%     76.49% |       43292      3.59%     80.08% |       40205      3.34%     83.42% |       42328      3.51%     86.93% |       40155      3.33%     90.27% |       41882      3.48%     93.74% |       36941      3.07%     96.81% |       38427      3.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1204600                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      279947     23.24%     23.24% |      602300     50.00%     73.24% |       39123      3.25%     76.49% |       43292      3.59%     80.08% |       40205      3.34%     83.42% |       42328      3.51%     86.93% |       40155      3.33%     90.27% |       41882      3.48%     93.74% |       36941      3.07%     96.81% |       38427      3.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1204600                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
