
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038035                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38035484000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214203562500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  65353                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   117537                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              102298149                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6217180                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   371.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    24299087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      43701499                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4968448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4968448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      3964480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        3964480                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        77632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              77632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        61945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             61945                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130626654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            130626654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    104231091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           104231091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    234857745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           234857745                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      77632                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     61945                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    77632                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   61945                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4967040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                3964480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4968448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             3964480                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             5351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             5221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             5045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             5202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             3794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             4180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             4057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      110                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38035004000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                77632                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               61945                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  60051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  10645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     76                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    50                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11557                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12353                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  11967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        52828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   169.048535                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.013577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.669461                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        27175     51.44%     51.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13001     24.61%     76.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7730     14.63%     90.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1900      3.60%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1111      2.10%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          589      1.11%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          417      0.79%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          317      0.60%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          588      1.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        52828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11576                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.704302                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.519282                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11570     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.04%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11576                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.351158                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.279477                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.091160                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11106     95.94%     95.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           394      3.40%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           52      0.45%     99.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           24      0.21%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11576                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1838000167                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             3293187667                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 388050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    23682.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               42432.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      130.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      104.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   130.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   104.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   53382                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  33336                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                68.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               53.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    272501.95                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   62.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8527865750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1269840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    28231116250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              199689840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              199644480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              108957750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              108933000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             305081400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             300128400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            199480320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            201858480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2483807040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2483807040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        15287154615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        14857755660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0         9407198250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1         9783864000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          27991369215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          27935991060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          736.066706                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          734.610471                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4882560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4882560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3886208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3886208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        76290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              76290                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    128368552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            128368552                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    102173223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           102173223                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    230541775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           230541775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      76290                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60722                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    76290                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60722                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4881664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    896                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3886080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4882560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3886208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    14                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             5299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             5163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             5092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             4123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             4097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             4037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        3                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      104                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38034766000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                76290                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60722                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  59525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  10057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3152                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                    479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     66                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                    51                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                    42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    416                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    188                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        50859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.361706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.877125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.894712                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25697     50.53%     50.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12639     24.85%     75.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7586     14.92%     90.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1832      3.60%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1163      2.29%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          598      1.18%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          433      0.85%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          312      0.61%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          599      1.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        50859                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.718552                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.867534                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11347     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11352                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.348837                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.274865                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.113053                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10903     96.04%     96.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           355      3.13%     99.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           72      0.63%     99.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           22      0.19%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1824856414                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             3255031414                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 381380000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23924.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               42674.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      128.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      102.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   128.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   102.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   52690                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  33436                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                69.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    277601.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   62.87                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8888548500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1269840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    27869930250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              193725000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              190716120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              105703125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              104061375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             300697800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             294060000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            195987600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            197413200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2483807040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2483807040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        15170144445                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        14440832010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0         9509838750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        10149586500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          27959903760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          27860476245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          735.239285                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          732.624718                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4880384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4880384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3884672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3884672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        76256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              76256                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60698                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60698                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    128311342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            128311342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    102132840                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           102132840                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    230444182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           230444182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      76256                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60698                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    76256                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60698                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4879424                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3884480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4880384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3884672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             5293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             5159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             5099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             4117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             4107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             4044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                       63                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38035254500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                76256                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60698                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  59764                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                    716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                    425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                    26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                    17                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12307                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12368                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    131                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        50984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   171.868822                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.534420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   178.476697                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25889     50.78%     50.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12592     24.70%     75.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7568     14.84%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1889      3.71%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1100      2.16%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          619      1.21%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          416      0.82%     98.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          307      0.60%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          604      1.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        50984                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.698858                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.899969                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11375     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11380                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.333480                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.264297                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.070970                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10950     96.22%     96.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           346      3.04%     99.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           68      0.60%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           16      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1742384970                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             3171903720                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 381205000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    22853.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               41603.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      128.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      102.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   128.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   102.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   52574                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  33370                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                68.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               54.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    277722.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   62.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8883693250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1269840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27874939750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              194352480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              191056320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              106045500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              104247000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             300456000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             294067800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            195864480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            197406720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2483807040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2483807040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        15036801210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        14572525095                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0         9626806500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        10034066250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          27944133210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          27877176225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          734.824579                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          733.063865                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4858304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4858304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3879360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3879360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        75911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              75911                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127730832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            127730832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    101993181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           101993181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    229724012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           229724012                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      75912                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60615                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    75912                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60615                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4857792                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3879360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4858368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3879360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     9                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             5240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             5148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             5077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             4100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             4094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             4037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        6                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                       89                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38034742000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                75912                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60615                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  59343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  10078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   3236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                    689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                    423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                    20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                    16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    12                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12085                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11721                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        50522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   172.907169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   122.021723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.779303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25611     50.69%     50.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12411     24.57%     75.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7525     14.89%     90.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1918      3.80%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1106      2.19%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          581      1.15%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          439      0.87%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          313      0.62%     98.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          618      1.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        50522                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.694479                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.923768                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11332     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11338                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.346181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.274688                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.085571                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          10892     96.07%     96.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           360      3.18%     99.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           70      0.62%     99.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19           16      0.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1756137908                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             3179319158                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 379515000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23136.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               41886.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      127.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      101.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   127.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   101.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.07                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   52440                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  33548                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                69.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    278587.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   62.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE    8887096500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1269840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    27871701000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              191381400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              190534680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              104424375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              103962375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             298529400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             293358000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            195449760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            197270640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2483807040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2483807040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        15002585820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        14542545375                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0         9656820000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        10060364250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          27932997795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          27871842360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          734.531760                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          732.923604                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1137                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              209                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          789                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          876                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3991                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4827                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              430148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              106648                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1817000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          382                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1564672                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          382                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                6918955                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 28.063162                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                24.821685                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                18.553642                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6883444     99.49%     99.49% |       32518      0.47%     99.96% |        1364      0.02%     99.98% |         777      0.01%     99.99% |         290      0.00%     99.99% |         233      0.00%    100.00% |         299      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  6918955                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16465936                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.924553                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.703810                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.055410                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15141489     91.96%     91.96% |     1288004      7.82%     99.78% |       30161      0.18%     99.96% |        4260      0.03%     99.99% |        1130      0.01%     99.99% |         301      0.00%    100.00% |         218      0.00%    100.00% |         128      0.00%    100.00% |         245      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16465936                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16465933                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              13.191897                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.060527                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             43.752160                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16379985     99.48%     99.48% |       69377      0.42%     99.90% |       12261      0.07%     99.97% |        3191      0.02%     99.99% |         784      0.00%    100.00% |         230      0.00%    100.00% |          84      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16465933                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15053609                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.001284                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.001097                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.037500                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15035077     99.88%     99.88% |       17888      0.12%    100.00% |         498      0.00%    100.00% |         146      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15053609                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1412324                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        121.811105                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       101.883170                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        97.019287                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1326376     93.91%     93.91% |       69377      4.91%     98.83% |       12261      0.87%     99.69% |        3191      0.23%     99.92% |         784      0.06%     99.98% |         230      0.02%     99.99% |          84      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1412324                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4751360                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2514944                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses        1043846                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses      1043846                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8546176                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289049                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8835225                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      5735826                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      5858928                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       593004                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        15937                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       249560                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1318870                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        39904                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           38                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           38                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        97942                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       133348                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       231290                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        14928                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        98500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       106049                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       204549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         3001                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        97745                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       133693                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       231438                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        14682                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits       100618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       132910                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       233528                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        14809                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        97003                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       136132                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       233135                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        15357                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        99954                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       106648                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       206602                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         3180                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        87622                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       122088                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       209710                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        14091                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        92223                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       129270                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       221493                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        14388                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        45960                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        26558                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        72518                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        19193                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24769                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        43962                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        19980                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24785                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        44765                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        20165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24786                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        44951                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        18165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        25146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        43311                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        18240                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24759                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        42999                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        17203                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24762                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        41965                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        17484                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24688                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        42172                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        18981                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        25165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        44146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        18234                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24774                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        43008                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        18137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24724                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        42861                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        17793                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24667                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        42460                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        17625                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        42520                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17417                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        25058                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        42475                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        20206                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24776                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        44982                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        17563                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24683                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        42246                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        17192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24640                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        41832                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        18026                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        25017                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        43043                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18192                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24821                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        43013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        17396                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24758                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        42154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18553                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24605                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        43158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        18104                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        25051                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        43155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        18948                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24708                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        43656                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        18567                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24805                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        43372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        20015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24708                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        44723                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        21724                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24675                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        46399                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        17979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        25043                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        43022                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        18036                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24733                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        42769                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        17378                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24743                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        42121                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        16971                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24766                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        41737                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        17500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        25103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        42603                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        19412                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24815                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        44227                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles       120187                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      9853103                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      9853103                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10202584                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9853102                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5915060                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5758526                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      9853102                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.129525                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7706433                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7706433                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8155739                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7706433                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6003126                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5598505                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7706433                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.101306                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      4406471                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      4406471                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4602425                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4406471                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2158632                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2149059                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      4406471                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.057926                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3710435                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3710435                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3811458                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3710435                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1960367                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1953199                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3710435                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.048776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4882788                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4882788                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5214665                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4882788                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2674242                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2655564                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4882788                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.064187                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4003799                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4003799                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4144508                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4003799                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2087056                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2083011                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4003799                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.052632                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4571666                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4571666                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4703512                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4571666                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2093671                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2090250                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4571666                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.060097                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3482609                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3482609                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3567445                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3482609                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1788342                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1783697                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3482609                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.045781                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2896048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2896048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2981498                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2896048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1458320                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1455644                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2896048                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.038070                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3654907                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3654907                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3792266                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3654907                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1943570                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1939087                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3654907                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.048046                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1630768                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1630768                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1652308                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1630768                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       784392                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       783580                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1630768                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.021437                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1175866                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1175866                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1179132                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1175866                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       558020                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       557742                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1175866                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015457                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1533313                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1533313                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1539450                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1533313                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       801338                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       800969                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1533313                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.020156                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1187759                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1187759                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1191587                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1187759                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       567266                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       566971                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1187759                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015614                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       734133                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       734133                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       737333                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       734133                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       352865                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       352701                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       734133                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009651                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1012039                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1012039                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1017162                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1012039                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       469055                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       468939                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1012039                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013304                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1404304                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1404304                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1411464                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1404304                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       606163                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       605976                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1404304                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018460                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1102930                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1102930                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1107911                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1102930                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       502652                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       502506                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1102930                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014499                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1013351                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1013351                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1020679                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1013351                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       458651                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       458419                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1013351                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.013321                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       621333                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       621333                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       623939                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       621333                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       288192                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       287925                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       621333                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008168                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       656820                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       656820                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       658105                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       656820                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       349761                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       349536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       656820                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008634                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       859242                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       859242                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       862514                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       859242                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       464581                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       464246                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       859242                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.011295                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       711006                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       711006                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       712726                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       711006                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       366050                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       365786                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       711006                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.009347                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       413790                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       413790                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       413790                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       413790                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       199741                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       199558                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       413790                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005440                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       612043                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       612043                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       613233                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       612043                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       302122                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       301903                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       612043                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.008046                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       829692                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       829692                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       833191                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       829692                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       445094                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       444780                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       829692                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.010907                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       702486                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       702486                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       704281                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       702486                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       356289                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       356054                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       702486                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.009235                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       424867                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       424867                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       424867                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       424867                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       203305                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       203103                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       424867                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005585                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3132757                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3132757                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3179031                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3132757                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1442589                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1441833                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3132757                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.041182                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      2397861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      2397861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2421280                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2397861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1066735                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1066237                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      2397861                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.031521                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      2582982                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      2582982                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2614476                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2582982                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1145188                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1144582                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      2582982                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.033955                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      2443029                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      2443029                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2474176                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2443029                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1097387                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1096765                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      2443029                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.032115                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     7224748     35.38%     35.38% |    11187165     54.78%     90.16% |     2008453      9.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     20420366                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     7224750     35.38%     35.38% |    11187166     54.78%     90.16% |     2008453      9.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     20420369                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   175606036                       |   285620234                       |    48849628                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    37459762                       |    44469511                       |     2073359                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.306181                       |   25.531065                       |   24.322017                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    5.184923                       |    3.975047                       |    1.032316                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    24.978783                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.113669                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.092453                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004130                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.102782      8.08%      8.08% |    0.102721      8.07%     16.15% |    0.102532      8.06%     24.21% |    0.102457      8.05%     32.27% |    0.180587     14.20%     46.46% |    0.180010     14.15%     60.61% |    0.180517     14.19%     74.81% |    0.179889     14.14%     88.95% |    0.035159      2.76%     91.71% |    0.035158      2.76%     94.47% |    0.035160      2.76%     97.24% |    0.035141      2.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.272115                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031365                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.022011                       |    0.000001                       |    0.012050                       |    0.008602                       |    0.011966                       |    0.011746                       |    0.011908                       |    0.008642                       |    0.010778                       |    0.011289                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005016                       |    0.002693                       |    0.002575                       |    0.002640                       |    0.002591                       |    0.002593                       |    0.002540                       |    0.002511                       |    0.002555                       |    0.002697                       |    0.002755                       |    0.002763                       |    0.002611                       |    0.002617                       |    0.002533                       |    0.002551                       |    0.002665                       |    0.002607                       |    0.002605                       |    0.002582                       |    0.002549                       |    0.002775                       |    0.002560                       |    0.002525                       |    0.002591                       |    0.002612                       |    0.002549                       |    0.002620                       |    0.002591                       |    0.002642                       |    0.002726                       |    0.002870                       |    0.006102                       |    0.005992                       |    0.005990                       |    0.005963                       |    0.000322                       |           0                       |    0.010613                       |    0.024382                       |    0.001791                       |    0.001630                       |    0.001786                       |    0.001836                       |    0.001809                       |    0.001640                       |    0.001585                       |    0.001691                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002962                       |    0.000327                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002872                       |    0.002474                       |    0.008897                       |    0.002955                       |    0.001585                       |    0.003963                       |    0.014885                       |    0.005785                       |           0                       |    0.002976                       |    0.004961                       |           0                       |    0.010488                       |    0.016498                       |    0.006260                       |    0.009487                       |    0.002958                       |    0.001791                       |    0.013458                       |    0.016718                       |    0.013515                       |    0.007722                       |    0.002992                       |    0.001630                       |    0.013575                       |    0.011707                       |    0.011148                       |           0                       |    0.002948                       |    0.004860                       |           0                       |    0.009401                       |    0.007603                       |    0.006709                       |           0                       |    0.003077                       |           0                       |    0.005354                       |    0.003799                       |    0.003226                       |           0                       |    0.002982                       |           0                       |    0.002591                       |    0.002473                       |           0                       |    0.003104                       |           0                       |    0.001800                       |    0.002775                       |    0.003616                       |    0.009312                       |    0.002980                       |    0.001691                       |    0.009792                       |    0.005112                       |    0.015454                       |    0.003705                       |    0.009522                       |    0.002968                       |    0.001786                       |    0.004147                       |    0.016251                       |    0.025116                       |    0.004398                       |    0.031046                       |    0.004518                       |    0.010613                       |    0.011436                       |    0.021070                       |    0.037685                       |    0.013157                       |    0.000003                       |    0.003021                       |    0.024382                       |    0.009785                       |    0.033891                       |    0.018795                       |    0.011428                       |    0.009492                       |    0.002938                       |    0.001836                       |    0.005826                       |    0.017231                       |    0.010190                       |    0.005120                       |           0                       |    0.002981                       |           0                       |    0.002500                       |    0.005223                       |    0.005042                       |    0.004411                       |           0                       |    0.002973                       |           0                       |    0.001655                       |    0.002612                       |    0.003667                       |           0                       |    0.002939                       |           0                       |    0.000933                       |    0.002560                       |    0.002914                       |           0                       |    0.003050                       |           0                       |    0.007558                       |    0.003170                       |    0.004752                       |    0.002907                       |           0                       |    0.003035                       |    0.004858                       |           0                       |    0.005060                       |    0.010173                       |    0.007914                       |    0.002915                       |    0.009698                       |    0.002908                       |    0.001809                       |    0.019364                       |    0.013105                       |    0.010176                       |    0.003036                       |    0.007836                       |    0.002917                       |    0.001640                       |    0.008165                       |    0.013465                       |    0.008810                       |    0.002948                       |           0                       |    0.003117                       |    0.004844                       |           0                       |    0.005729                       |    0.009416                       |    0.006038                       |    0.002971                       |           0                       |    0.002948                       |           0                       |    0.001517                       |    0.005165                       |    0.003019                       |    0.002965                       |           0                       |    0.002941                       |           0                       |    0.000780                       |    0.002549                       |    0.002965                       |           0                       |    0.002914                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002525                       |           0                       |    0.002907                       |           0                       |    0.002243                       |           0                       |    0.004500                       |           0                       |    0.002915                       |           0                       |    0.002984                       |    0.001686                       |    0.005719                       |           0                       |    0.003036                       |           0                       |    0.009305                       |    0.003337                       |    0.002782                       |           0                       |    0.002948                       |           0                       |    0.001968                       |    0.007040                       |    0.002543                       |           0                       |    0.002971                       |           0                       |    0.004188                       |    0.006162                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002965                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005202                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002965                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002620                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.272115                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5456591                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5456591                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       265643                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3961798                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3373068                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     85.139828                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          446016                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29839                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              9681518                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              45200                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5372233                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             20687                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          9726718                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5392920                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  15053751                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   65887                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              15119638                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              5865745                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9487                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          5875232                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   5865745                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9487                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               5875232                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 72297746                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20516933                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30117907                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5456591                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3819084                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              47029890                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          597262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       152516                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       211493                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3334                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       309073                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           5865109                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        143533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3826                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     68662132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.804627                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.161584                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         58525583     85.24%     85.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1046019      1.52%     86.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           599464      0.87%     87.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1005138      1.46%     89.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1437134      2.09%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           595533      0.87%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           685730      1.00%     93.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           993814      1.45%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3773717      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     68662132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.075474                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.416582                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15638523                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      44394863                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6489579                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       1840529                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         298631                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       52825405                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         298631                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         16325635                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        27467941                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      4834450                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           7454402                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      12281066                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       51898625                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         67657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4398435                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         394188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents        7007070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     59729353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     121428806                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     75698494                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          164                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      49926418                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9802920                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       133713                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       135671                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          11247084                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5269899                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5559864                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1288182                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1149605                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           50662804                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       351158                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          53270977                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143083                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7095397                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11435187                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        48924                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     68662132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.775842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.438121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     46591672     67.86%     67.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      8561275     12.47%     80.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5223206      7.61%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3011982      4.39%     92.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2935559      4.28%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1182818      1.72%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       692183      1.01%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289576      0.42%     99.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173861      0.25%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     68662132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           95293     12.48%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         601839     78.83%     91.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         66310      8.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       165399      0.31%      0.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      37804480     70.97%     71.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        22630      0.04%     71.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52379      0.10%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9806541     18.41%     89.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5419548     10.17%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       53270977                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.736828                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              763442                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.014331                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    176110546                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     58115891                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     47713910                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           65                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          290                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       53868988                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              32                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1244704                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1110384                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2632                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6972                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       395999                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5703074                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         298631                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4775118                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      17965912                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     51013962                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       100392                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5269899                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5559864                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       342037                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          90126                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      17714698                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6972                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124447                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       190231                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       314678                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      52880761                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9671707                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       324838                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             15047952                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          4388875                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            5376245                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.731430                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               47776462                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              47713930                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          30819282                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          49353654                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.659964                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.624458                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7284917                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       302234                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       279078                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     67510690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.647327                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.597969                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     51287331     75.97%     75.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      8051528     11.93%     87.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1860721      2.76%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2151378      3.19%     93.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       747095      1.11%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1049512      1.55%     96.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       694010      1.03%     97.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       278528      0.41%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1390587      2.06%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     67510690                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     24299086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       43701496                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                9323375                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               4159511                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4052129                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          43405565                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       371258                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81885      0.19%      0.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     34223821     78.31%     78.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        21414      0.05%     78.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        51001      0.12%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4159511      9.52%     88.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      5163864     11.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     43701496                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1390587                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            117048468                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           103128784                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84178                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3635614                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3772805                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            24299086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              43701496                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.975328                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.975328                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.336097                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.336097                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         78200501                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        37702793                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          20775686                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         16418245                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        24208067                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         125430                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               4898726000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            4898725999.999999                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3090178                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.690997                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       25.065851                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       24.712966                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3056744     98.92%     98.92% |       30726      0.99%     99.91% |        1163      0.04%     99.95% |         695      0.02%     99.97% |         288      0.01%     99.98% |         233      0.01%     99.99% |         299      0.01%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3090178                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3020297                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.194992                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       25.013617                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       11.602098                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3000537     99.35%     99.35% |       17683      0.59%     99.93% |        1398      0.05%     99.98% |         394      0.01%     99.99% |         137      0.00%    100.00% |          64      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3020297                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        808480                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.084527                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.231926                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.325037                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       15968      1.98%      1.98% |       98181     12.14%     14.12% |      291347     36.04%     50.16% |      174090     21.53%     71.69% |      175042     21.65%     93.34% |       44407      5.49%     98.83% |        8958      1.11%     99.94% |         429      0.05%     99.99% |          56      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          808480                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4518780                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.295198                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.728413                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          59.425813                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4467615     98.87%     98.87% |       40061      0.89%     99.75% |        7945      0.18%     99.93% |        2382      0.05%     99.98% |         587      0.01%    100.00% |         144      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4518780                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3938869                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000703                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000606                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026572                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3936106     99.93%     99.93% |        2758      0.07%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3938869                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       579911                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     129.970595                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    103.804772                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    116.039394                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      528746     91.18%     91.18% |       40061      6.91%     98.09% |        7945      1.37%     99.46% |        2382      0.41%     99.87% |         587      0.10%     99.97% |         144      0.02%     99.99% |          32      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        579911                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          5960141                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           17.018457                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.569074                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          47.835003                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     5927685     99.46%     99.46% |       27207      0.46%     99.91% |        4120      0.07%     99.98% |         787      0.01%     99.99% |         197      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            5960141                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      5258688                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003127                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.002668                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.058910                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5243029     99.70%     99.70% |       15020      0.29%     99.99% |         494      0.01%    100.00% |         145      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        5258688                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       701453                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     122.089289                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    106.331344                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     83.245931                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      668997     95.37%     95.37% |       27207      3.88%     99.25% |        4120      0.59%     99.84% |         787      0.11%     99.95% |         197      0.03%     99.98% |          86      0.01%     99.99% |          52      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        701453                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      5858926                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.694775                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.209399                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      13.983050                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     5846261     99.78%     99.78% |       10613      0.18%     99.96% |        1813      0.03%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          80      0.00%    100.00% |          93      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        5858926                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      5735826                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000590                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5735824    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      5735826                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123100                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.662567                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.432979                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.187577                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110435     89.71%     89.71% |       10613      8.62%     98.33% |        1813      1.47%     99.81% |          45      0.04%     99.84% |          80      0.06%     99.91% |          93      0.08%     99.98% |          21      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123100                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       126780                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.525730                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.667948                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    27.595804                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      125496     98.99%     98.99% |        1010      0.80%     99.78% |         245      0.19%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |          11      0.01%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       126780                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       118948                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000908                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000784                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.030119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      118840     99.91%     99.91% |         108      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       118948                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         7832                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    92.433606                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.373590                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.452066                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        6548     83.61%     83.61% |        1010     12.90%     96.50% |         245      3.13%     99.63% |           6      0.08%     99.71% |          11      0.14%     99.85% |          11      0.14%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         7832                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.958652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.428864                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    32.524834                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         648     99.23%     99.23% |           4      0.61%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.321429                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    67.676785                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev   130.711742                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |          23     82.14%     82.14% |           4     14.29%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        11993                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       299676                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       795352                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17209                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    24477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   186178                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    18074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    24477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   158970                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    17960                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    24477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                   185591                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    18223                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   24479                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  187450                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   18510                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   24477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                  186546                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   18339                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   26014                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                  159176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   16316                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   22943                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                  166861                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   17963                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   24477                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                  175611                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    515                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2866                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    558                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2426                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                    231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   2837                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                    501                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                   229                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  2832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                   618                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  2939                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                   541                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   238                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2481                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                   221                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  3043                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   513                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                   231                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                  2884                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                      128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     1969                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                      174                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     1532                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                        7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     1953                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      137                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    1930                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                     208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                       9                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    2018                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                     166                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                    1593                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                       8                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                    2133                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                       7                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    1980                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                17724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               189044                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                18632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               161396                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                18488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               188428                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                18724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              190282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               19128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              189485                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               18880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               26252                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              161657                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               16828                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               23164                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses              169904                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               18476                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               24708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              178495                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                34445256                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                56466491                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles              1176184246                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                33434114                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                56823275                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles              1170723498                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                34534944                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                58124487                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles              1154343614                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                34238496                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               61585487                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles             1205497272                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               34050963                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               60415164                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles             1172536292                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               33981408                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               66120780                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             1181553148                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               34476685                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               61711159                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             1016695135                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               34414973                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               66371725                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             1081102251                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   11608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   94536                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   12208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   80712                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   12108                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   94228                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   12256                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  95154                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  12528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  94757                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  12368                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  21764                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                  80841                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  11020                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  19204                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  84964                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  12096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  20484                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  89259                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   6116                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  94508                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   6424                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  80684                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   6380                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  94200                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   6468                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 95128                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  6600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 94728                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                  6512                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 80816                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  5808                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                  3960                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 84940                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  6380                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  4224                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 89236                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                11411                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                91670                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                12015                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                78286                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                11920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                91391                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                12062                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               20335                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               92322                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               12301                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               20334                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               91818                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               12176                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               21611                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               78360                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               10850                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               19058                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               81921                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               11898                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               20333                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               86375                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2866                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                193                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2426                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                188                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2837                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                194                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses               149                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2832                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses               227                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               150                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2939                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses               192                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               153                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              2481                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               170                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses               146                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses              3043                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               198                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses               151                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses              2884                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                5798                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               94508                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                6059                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               80684                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                6040                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               94200                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                6161                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              95128                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               6209                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               4143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              94728                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               6163                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               4403                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              80816                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               5466                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               3885                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              84940                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               6065                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              89236                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               318                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               365                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               340                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses               307                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses              391                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses               81                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses              349                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses               85                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses              342                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses               75                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses              315                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               80                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      139                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      298                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      146                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      274                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      145                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                      291                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                      147                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                     300                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                     150                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                     303                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                     148                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                     277                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                     132                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                      15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                     274                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                     145                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                     287                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2157595                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2637077                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4763719                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2148979                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2575435                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                4785247                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2157869                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2600462                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                4765408                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2160101                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2570739                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               4769303                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2148845                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2581200                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               4763538                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2151357                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               2695959                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               4778387                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               2146192                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2626583                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               4762051                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               2150936                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               2729551                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               4775830                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2224                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2336                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2320                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    2328                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    2352                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   2400                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   2400                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   2424                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   2368                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    544                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                   2216                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                   2112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                   2192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                   2320                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    512                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                   2296                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1494126                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2443871                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4358899                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1485124                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2388256                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               4455175                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1480790                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2406963                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4364192                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1492156                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2383552                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4387003                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1542223                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              2389957                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4377725                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1529703                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              2499977                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              4446588                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              1357374                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2426514                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              4402404                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              1439733                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              2527152                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4399889                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             123231                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             197872                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             130168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             181947                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             128391                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             193224                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             129641                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            199200                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            133212                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            201193                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            131043                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            143616                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            183930                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            119048                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            126720                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            181936                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            129057                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            135168                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            190568                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2258315                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              1453036                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3112212                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2236775                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              1406824                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3073055                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2267260                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1439371                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3102822                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2230735                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             1415271                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             3064805                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2172148                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             1421645                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3088973                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2203995                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             1486873                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             3106188                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2414333                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1478306                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             3166300                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2286928                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             1509114                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             3124421                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1494126                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2443871                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4358899                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1485124                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2388256                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          4455175                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1480790                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2406963                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4364192                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1492156                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2383552                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4387003                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1542223                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         2389957                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4377725                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1529703                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         2499977                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         4446588                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         1357374                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2426514                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         4402404                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         1439733                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         2527152                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4399889                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        111589                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        197823                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        116889                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        181887                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        116746                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        193210                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        118535                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       199183                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       121293                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       201167                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       119028                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       143616                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       183868                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       104194                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       126720                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time       181887                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       116332                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       135168                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       190552                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1685178                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1453036                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3086347                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1676298                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1406824                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3044622                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1683553                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1439371                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         3072381                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1672594                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1415271                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        3041661                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1669359                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1421645                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        3060527                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1668483                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        1486873                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        3077305                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        1704278                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1478306                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        3131938                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        1680372                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        1509114                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        3101543                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2145955                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2620181                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4740201                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2136474                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2558539                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            4763382                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2145664                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2583566                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4742260                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2147688                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2553843                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           4745740                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2135551                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2564304                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4739354                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2138906                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           2678007                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           4756282                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           2135006                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2610743                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           4740702                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           2138162                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           2712655                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           4753394                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              9166                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              6141                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              9296                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles              4833                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              7468                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles             42735                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles              9587                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles             4279                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             7364                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles            20104                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles             1230                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles            19585                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles             9924                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles             9714                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles             9708                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles             1267                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          66368631                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          73333889                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          68535406                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          66368626                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          73333885                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          68535419                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          66368483                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          73333891                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles          68536511                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles          66368529                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles         73333887                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         68535430                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles         66368488                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles         73333896                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles         68535856                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles         66368481                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         73333892                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles         68535821                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles         66368737                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles         73333908                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles         68535627                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         66368573                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles         73333904                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles         68535311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2115335                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2637412                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          4065857                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2107661                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2575654                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          4089718                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2117316                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2600793                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          4064190                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2116615                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2570955                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         4069901                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2104275                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2581529                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         4065219                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2107594                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2696224                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         4082603                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2109333                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         2627160                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         4072975                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2108181                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2729927                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         4085537                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               897                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               894                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               373                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               884                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               364                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              222                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              902                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              410                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              222                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              921                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              375                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0              888                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              359                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0              213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0              910                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              356                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0              224                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              904                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5798                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             94508                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              6059                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             80684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              6040                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             94200                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              6161                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            95128                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             6209                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4143                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            94728                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             6163                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             4403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1            80816                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             5466                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             3885                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1            84940                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             6065                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1            89236                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5652                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5687                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             18478                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              6437                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5899                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             18867                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              5640                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5637                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             18291                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              6604                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             5882                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            19834                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             6147                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             5651                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            18741                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             6766                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             6258                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2            18413                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             4296                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             5072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2            15014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             5046                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             5561                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            16629                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       77606     25.36%     25.36% |       76290     24.93%     50.28% |       76256     24.92%     75.20% |       75912     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       306064                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56035     25.43%     25.43% |       54805     24.88%     50.31% |       54778     24.86%     75.17% |       54692     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       220310                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       77632     25.36%     25.36% |       76290     24.92%     50.29% |       76256     24.91%     75.20% |       75911     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       306089                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       61945     25.39%     25.39% |       60722     24.89%     50.28% |       60698     24.88%     75.16% |       60615     24.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           81                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6112     25.00%     25.00% |        6112     25.00%     50.00% |        6112     25.00%     75.00% |        6112     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24448                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       13379     25.25%     25.25% |       13293     25.09%     50.34% |       13286     25.08%     75.41% |       13027     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        52985                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       77606     25.36%     25.36% |       76290     24.93%     50.28% |       76256     24.92%     75.20% |       75912     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       306064                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           26                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5910     24.97%     24.97% |        5917     25.00%     49.97% |        5920     25.01%     74.98% |        5923     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       55778     25.41%     25.41% |       54610     24.88%     50.30% |       54586     24.87%     75.17% |       54503     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       219477                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       13379     25.25%     25.25% |       13293     25.09%     50.34% |       13286     25.08%     75.41% |       13027     24.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        52985                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       77606     25.36%     25.36% |       76290     24.93%     50.28% |       76256     24.92%     75.20% |       75911     24.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       306063                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       55778     25.41%     25.41% |       54610     24.88%     50.30% |       54586     24.87%     75.17% |       54503     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       219477                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         202     25.96%     25.96% |         195     25.06%     51.03% |         192     24.68%     75.71% |         189     24.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24448                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3546467     78.46%     78.46% |          38      0.00%     78.46% |      126537      2.80%     81.26% |      113313      2.51%     83.76% |      126729      2.80%     86.57% |      127805      2.83%     89.39% |      127677      2.82%     92.22% |      114885      2.54%     94.76% |      115101      2.55%     97.31% |      121753      2.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4520305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     5858984    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5858984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     5290411     86.89%     86.89% |           0      0.00%     86.89% |      104753      1.72%     88.61% |       91236      1.50%     90.11% |      104709      1.72%     91.83% |      105723      1.74%     93.57% |      105458      1.73%     95.30% |       91717      1.51%     96.81% |       94609      1.55%     98.36% |       99740      1.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      6088356                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13421      4.18%      4.18% |          38      0.01%      4.20% |       39230     12.23%     16.43% |       34485     10.75%     27.18% |       39513     12.32%     39.50% |       38769     12.09%     51.59% |       39815     12.41%     64.00% |       35163     10.96%     74.97% |       40485     12.62%     87.59% |       39807     12.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       320726                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      410338     55.92%     55.92% |           0      0.00%     55.92% |       40575      5.53%     61.45% |       39141      5.33%     66.79% |       41213      5.62%     72.40% |       41728      5.69%     78.09% |       42665      5.81%     83.91% |       40465      5.51%     89.42% |       37239      5.08%     94.50% |       40389      5.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       733753                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37489     14.50%     14.50% |       21980      8.50%     23.00% |       37092     14.34%     37.34% |       36687     14.19%     51.53% |       37668     14.57%     66.10% |       21465      8.30%     74.40% |       31298     12.10%     86.50% |       34899     13.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total       258578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       34221     14.93%     14.95% |       19145      8.35%     23.30% |       33660     14.69%     37.99% |       31991     13.96%     51.95% |       32003     13.96%     65.91% |       19119      8.34%     74.25% |       29119     12.71%     86.96% |       29888     13.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total       229176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3162     12.10%     12.10% |        2609      9.99%     22.09% |        3218     12.32%     34.41% |        3771     14.44%     48.85% |        3617     13.85%     62.69% |        3035     11.62%     74.31% |        3453     13.22%     87.53% |        3257     12.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total        26122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      141764     54.22%     54.22% |          11      0.00%     54.22% |       16233      6.21%     60.43% |       12645      4.84%     65.26% |       15977      6.11%     71.37% |       16091      6.15%     77.53% |       16290      6.23%     83.76% |       13009      4.98%     88.73% |       14000      5.35%     94.09% |       15464      5.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       261484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       28725     12.53%     12.55% |       27523     12.01%     24.56% |       28849     12.59%     37.14% |       29135     12.71%     49.86% |       30699     13.40%     63.25% |       26928     11.75%     75.00% |       28119     12.27%     87.27% |       29171     12.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total       229176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      270365     38.93%     38.93% |           0      0.00%     38.93% |       55293      7.96%     46.89% |       45638      6.57%     53.46% |       56143      8.08%     61.54% |       55050      7.93%     69.47% |       56085      8.08%     77.55% |       47371      6.82%     84.37% |       53080      7.64%     92.01% |       55505      7.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       694530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       38819     14.57%     14.57% |       22778      8.55%     23.12% |       38397     14.41%     37.53% |       38819     14.57%     52.10% |       38755     14.55%     66.65% |       21395      8.03%     74.68% |       32979     12.38%     87.06% |       34485     12.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total       266427                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       33097     14.57%     14.58% |       20243      8.91%     23.49% |       32724     14.41%     37.90% |       32634     14.37%     52.27% |       33058     14.55%     66.82% |       19340      8.51%     75.34% |       26889     11.84%     87.17% |       29130     12.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       227134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      287584     60.18%     60.18% |           0      0.00%     60.18% |       21788      4.56%     64.74% |       26751      5.60%     70.34% |       22012      4.61%     74.94% |       22901      4.79%     79.73% |       22976      4.81%     84.54% |       27898      5.84%     90.38% |       22786      4.77%     95.15% |       23184      4.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       477880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      141780     36.00%     36.00% |          38      0.01%     36.01% |       31832      8.08%     44.09% |       30139      7.65%     51.75% |       32248      8.19%     59.94% |       32689      8.30%     68.24% |       33515      8.51%     76.75% |       31132      7.91%     84.65% |       29012      7.37%     92.02% |       31424      7.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       393809                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122584    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      146860     66.04%     66.04% |           0      0.00%     66.04% |        9255      4.16%     70.20% |        9514      4.28%     74.48% |        9477      4.26%     78.74% |        9551      4.29%     83.04% |        9662      4.34%     87.38% |        9845      4.43%     91.81% |        8739      3.93%     95.74% |        9477      4.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       222380                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11166     42.79%     42.79% |           0      0.00%     42.79% |        1838      7.04%     49.83% |        1857      7.12%     56.95% |        1865      7.15%     64.10% |        1888      7.24%     71.33% |        1891      7.25%     78.58% |        1869      7.16%     85.74% |        1850      7.09%     92.83% |        1871      7.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        26095                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         354      0.19%      0.19% |           0      0.00%      0.19% |       23739     12.76%     12.95% |       20167     10.84%     23.78% |       24148     12.98%     36.76% |       24222     13.02%     49.77% |       25749     13.84%     63.61% |       19531     10.49%     74.10% |       23364     12.55%     86.66% |       24829     13.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total       186103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         518    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          36      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       37516     13.45%     13.47% |       28072     10.07%     23.53% |       37253     13.36%     36.89% |       36632     13.14%     50.03% |       36883     13.23%     63.26% |       29395     10.54%     73.80% |       36408     13.06%     86.85% |       36656     13.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total       278851                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         578      0.72%      0.72% |           0      0.00%      0.72% |       12555     15.72%     16.45% |        5846      7.32%     23.77% |       12278     15.37%     39.14% |       11761     14.73%     53.87% |       12078     15.12%     68.99% |        5393      6.75%     75.74% |        9031     11.31%     87.05% |       10339     12.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        79859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        6870      4.27%      4.27% |           0      0.00%      4.27% |       22093     13.73%     17.99% |       14356      8.92%     26.91% |       21669     13.46%     40.37% |       21821     13.56%     53.93% |       20399     12.67%     66.60% |       14333      8.90%     75.51% |       19361     12.03%     87.54% |       20064     12.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       160966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     5735826    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5735826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       31006     14.90%     14.91% |       18157      8.73%     23.64% |       30567     14.69%     38.33% |       29816     14.33%     52.65% |       30323     14.57%     67.23% |       16745      8.05%     75.27% |       24565     11.81%     87.08% |       26884     12.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total       208082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1333      0.47%      0.47% |          27      0.01%      0.47% |       36293     12.67%     13.14% |       32098     11.20%     24.35% |       36567     12.76%     37.11% |       35899     12.53%     49.64% |       37022     12.92%     62.57% |       32831     11.46%     74.03% |       37488     13.09%     87.11% |       36912     12.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total       286470                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122039     69.39%     69.39% |           0      0.00%     69.39% |        6232      3.54%     72.93% |        6544      3.72%     76.65% |        6923      3.94%     80.59% |        7066      4.02%     84.61% |        7611      4.33%     88.93% |        7174      4.08%     93.01% |        5422      3.08%     96.10% |        6866      3.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       175877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1390978     90.53%     90.53% |           0      0.00%     90.53% |       18791      1.22%     91.75% |       17306      1.13%     92.88% |       18739      1.22%     94.10% |       18668      1.21%     95.31% |       18874      1.23%     96.54% |       18273      1.19%     97.73% |       16850      1.10%     98.82% |       18067      1.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1536546                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       21202     26.05%     26.05% |           0      0.00%     26.05% |        8318     10.22%     36.26% |        6223      7.64%     43.91% |        7934      9.75%     53.66% |        8424     10.35%     64.00% |        8396     10.31%     74.32% |        6255      7.68%     82.00% |        6987      8.58%     90.59% |        7664      9.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        81403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         604     98.21%     98.21% |          11      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      119843     77.68%     77.68% |           0      0.00%     77.68% |        4311      2.79%     80.47% |        4300      2.79%     83.26% |        4304      2.79%     86.05% |        4298      2.79%     88.83% |        4302      2.79%     91.62% |        4591      2.98%     94.60% |        4022      2.61%     97.21% |        4311      2.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       154282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3285     14.58%     14.58% |        1803      8.00%     22.58% |        3420     15.18%     37.75% |        3050     13.53%     51.29% |        3273     14.52%     65.81% |        1844      8.18%     73.99% |        2672     11.86%     85.85% |        3189     14.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        22536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2004961     89.45%     89.45% |           0      0.00%     89.45% |       30082      1.34%     90.80% |       31345      1.40%     92.19% |       29925      1.34%     93.53% |       30405      1.36%     94.89% |       29140      1.30%     96.19% |       31616      1.41%     97.60% |       26514      1.18%     98.78% |       27369      1.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2241357                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     5122165     96.69%     96.69% |           0      0.00%     96.69% |       18658      0.35%     97.04% |       29270      0.55%     97.59% |       19478      0.37%     97.96% |       21300      0.40%     98.36% |       20194      0.38%     98.75% |       29477      0.56%     99.30% |       17910      0.34%     99.64% |       19059      0.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      5297511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      167741     51.84%     51.84% |           0      0.00%     51.84% |       17477      5.40%     57.24% |       22451      6.94%     64.17% |       17708      5.47%     69.65% |       18603      5.75%     75.40% |       18674      5.77%     81.17% |       23307      7.20%     88.37% |       18764      5.80%     94.17% |       18873      5.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       323598                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37489     14.50%     14.50% |       21980      8.50%     23.00% |       37092     14.34%     37.34% |       36687     14.19%     51.53% |       37668     14.57%     66.10% |       21465      8.30%     74.40% |       31297     12.10%     86.50% |       34899     13.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total       258577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          30      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       30936     14.97%     14.99% |       17342      8.39%     23.38% |       30238     14.63%     38.01% |       28940     14.01%     52.02% |       28729     13.90%     65.92% |       17275      8.36%     74.28% |       26445     12.80%     87.08% |       26697     12.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total       206632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28     17.72%     17.72% |           7      4.43%     22.15% |          20     12.66%     34.81% |          29     18.35%     53.16% |          20     12.66%     65.82% |          23     14.56%     80.38% |          18     11.39%     91.77% |          13      8.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total          158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      141764     54.22%     54.22% |          11      0.00%     54.22% |       16233      6.21%     60.43% |       12645      4.84%     65.26% |       15977      6.11%     71.37% |       16091      6.15%     77.53% |       16290      6.23%     83.76% |       13009      4.98%     88.73% |       14000      5.35%     94.09% |       15464      5.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       261484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          27      0.01%      0.01% |       28725     12.53%     12.55% |       27523     12.01%     24.56% |       28849     12.59%     37.14% |       29135     12.71%     49.86% |       30699     13.40%     63.25% |       26928     11.75%     75.00% |       28119     12.27%     87.27% |       29171     12.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total       229176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123469     58.19%     58.19% |           0      0.00%     58.19% |       10585      4.99%     63.18% |       10131      4.77%     67.95% |       11550      5.44%     73.39% |       11656      5.49%     78.89% |       12255      5.78%     84.66% |       10703      5.04%     89.71% |       10239      4.83%     94.53% |       11605      5.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       212193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3162     12.10%     12.10% |        2609      9.99%     22.09% |        3218     12.32%     34.41% |        3771     14.44%     48.85% |        3617     13.85%     62.69% |        3035     11.62%     74.31% |        3453     13.22%     87.53% |        3257     12.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total        26122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      146896     30.47%     30.47% |           0      0.00%     30.47% |       44680      9.27%     39.73% |       35500      7.36%     47.09% |       44573      9.24%     56.34% |       43365      8.99%     65.33% |       43810      9.09%     74.42% |       36645      7.60%     82.02% |       42823      8.88%     90.90% |       43887      9.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       482179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1613     12.21%     12.21% |        1455     11.02%     23.23% |        1342     10.16%     33.39% |        1483     11.23%     44.62% |        1098      8.31%     52.94% |        1046      7.92%     60.86% |        3206     24.28%     85.14% |        1963     14.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total        13206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1071     15.15%     15.15% |         523      7.40%     22.55% |        1061     15.01%     37.55% |         953     13.48%     51.03% |         882     12.48%     63.51% |         440      6.22%     69.73% |        1129     15.97%     85.70% |        1011     14.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total         7070                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37206     14.69%     14.69% |       21323      8.42%     23.11% |       37055     14.63%     37.75% |       37336     14.74%     52.49% |       37657     14.87%     67.36% |       20349      8.04%     75.40% |       29773     11.76%     87.16% |       32522     12.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total       253221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          19      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |       33097     14.57%     14.58% |       20243      8.91%     23.49% |       32724     14.41%     37.90% |       32634     14.37%     52.27% |       33058     14.55%     66.82% |       19340      8.51%     75.34% |       26889     11.84%     87.17% |       29130     12.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total       227134                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28     17.72%     17.72% |           7      4.43%     22.15% |          20     12.66%     34.81% |          29     18.35%     53.16% |          20     12.66%     65.82% |          23     14.56%     80.38% |          18     11.39%     91.77% |          13      8.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total          158                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1524    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         129    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     25.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      287584     60.18%     60.18% |           0      0.00%     60.18% |       21788      4.56%     64.74% |       26751      5.60%     70.34% |       22010      4.61%     74.94% |       22900      4.79%     79.74% |       22975      4.81%     84.54% |       27898      5.84%     90.38% |       22783      4.77%     95.15% |       23182      4.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       477871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     22.22%     22.22% |           1     11.11%     33.33% |           1     11.11%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           3     33.33%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3826      3.11%      3.11% |        3774      3.07%      6.17% |        3474      2.82%      9.00% |        3488      2.83%     11.83% |        3534      2.87%     14.70% |        4041      3.28%     17.98% |        3712      3.02%     21.00% |        3294      2.68%     23.67% |        3535      2.87%     26.54% |        5127      4.16%     30.71% |        3879      3.15%     33.86% |        3782      3.07%     36.93% |        3543      2.88%     39.81% |        4270      3.47%     43.28% |        3862      3.14%     46.42% |        3768      3.06%     49.48% |        4082      3.32%     52.79% |        4109      3.34%     56.13% |        3605      2.93%     59.06% |        3285      2.67%     61.73% |        3062      2.49%     64.21% |        3646      2.96%     67.18% |        3495      2.84%     70.02% |        3386      2.75%     72.77% |        3603      2.93%     75.69% |        3630      2.95%     78.64% |        3246      2.64%     81.28% |        4532      3.68%     84.96% |        3915      3.18%     88.14% |        5150      4.18%     92.32% |        5000      4.06%     96.38% |        4451      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       44649      7.57%      7.57% |       18277      3.10%     10.66% |       17397      2.95%     13.61% |       18063      3.06%     16.67% |       17455      2.96%     19.63% |       17168      2.91%     22.54% |       16987      2.88%     25.42% |       16981      2.88%     28.29% |       17118      2.90%     31.19% |       17503      2.97%     34.16% |       19372      3.28%     37.44% |       19048      3.23%     40.67% |       17926      3.04%     43.71% |       17365      2.94%     46.65% |       16777      2.84%     49.49% |       17011      2.88%     52.38% |       18131      3.07%     55.45% |       17378      2.94%     58.39% |       17610      2.98%     61.38% |       17536      2.97%     64.35% |       17533      2.97%     67.32% |       18695      3.17%     70.49% |       17155      2.91%     73.39% |       16958      2.87%     76.27% |       17389      2.95%     79.21% |       17644      2.99%     82.20% |       17233      2.92%     85.12% |       16707      2.83%     87.95% |       17208      2.92%     90.87% |       16712      2.83%     93.70% |       17369      2.94%     96.65% |       19797      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       590152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       18220      3.51%      3.51% |       16250      3.13%      6.65% |       15904      3.07%      9.72% |       16148      3.11%     12.83% |       16212      3.13%     15.96% |       15990      3.08%     19.04% |       15743      3.04%     22.08% |       15738      3.04%     25.11% |       16135      3.11%     28.23% |       15942      3.07%     31.30% |       15844      3.06%     34.36% |       16478      3.18%     37.53% |       16138      3.11%     40.65% |       15833      3.05%     43.70% |       15765      3.04%     46.74% |       15832      3.05%     49.79% |       16102      3.11%     52.90% |       15909      3.07%     55.97% |       16090      3.10%     59.07% |       16169      3.12%     62.19% |       16170      3.12%     65.31% |       17058      3.29%     68.60% |       15985      3.08%     71.68% |       15994      3.08%     74.77% |       16442      3.17%     77.94% |       16186      3.12%     81.06% |       16154      3.12%     84.18% |       16533      3.19%     87.37% |       16221      3.13%     90.49% |       16177      3.12%     93.61% |       16632      3.21%     96.82% |       16476      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       518470                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        6553      3.14%      3.14% |        6439      3.09%      6.23% |        6510      3.12%      9.35% |        6486      3.11%     12.46% |        6505      3.12%     15.58% |        6402      3.07%     18.65% |        6442      3.09%     21.74% |        6561      3.15%     24.88% |        6603      3.17%     28.05% |        6406      3.07%     31.12% |        6472      3.10%     34.22% |        6544      3.14%     37.36% |        6646      3.19%     40.55% |        6406      3.07%     43.62% |        6467      3.10%     46.72% |        6463      3.10%     49.82% |        6694      3.21%     53.03% |        6520      3.13%     56.16% |        6538      3.13%     59.29% |        6544      3.14%     62.43% |        6654      3.19%     65.62% |        6467      3.10%     68.72% |        6480      3.11%     71.83% |        6507      3.12%     74.95% |        6695      3.21%     78.16% |        6559      3.14%     81.30% |        6578      3.15%     84.46% |        6533      3.13%     87.59% |        6547      3.14%     90.73% |        6412      3.07%     93.80% |        6483      3.11%     96.91% |        6444      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total       208560                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       42871      8.97%      8.97% |       15000      3.14%     12.11% |       13672      2.86%     14.97% |       14594      3.05%     18.02% |       13817      2.89%     20.92% |       13447      2.81%     23.73% |       13071      2.74%     26.46% |       13110      2.74%     29.21% |       13314      2.79%     31.99% |       13874      2.90%     34.90% |       15630      3.27%     38.17% |       15919      3.33%     41.50% |       14016      2.93%     44.43% |       13647      2.86%     47.29% |       12811      2.68%     49.97% |       13203      2.76%     52.73% |       14159      2.96%     55.69% |       13668      2.86%     58.55% |       14016      2.93%     61.49% |       14045      2.94%     64.43% |       13692      2.87%     67.29% |       16131      3.38%     70.67% |       13600      2.85%     73.51% |       13290      2.78%     76.29% |       13751      2.88%     79.17% |       14133      2.96%     82.13% |       13666      2.86%     84.99% |       13635      2.85%     87.84% |       13524      2.83%     90.67% |       13334      2.79%     93.46% |       14445      3.02%     96.48% |       16801      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       477886                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        8038      3.67%      3.67% |        6815      3.11%      6.77% |        6841      3.12%      9.89% |        6804      3.10%     13.00% |        6788      3.10%     16.09% |        6805      3.10%     19.20% |        6791      3.10%     22.29% |        6803      3.10%     25.39% |        6819      3.11%     28.50% |        6830      3.11%     31.62% |        6854      3.13%     34.74% |        6830      3.11%     37.86% |        6815      3.11%     40.97% |        6845      3.12%     44.09% |        6814      3.11%     47.20% |        6812      3.11%     50.30% |        6853      3.13%     53.43% |        6827      3.11%     56.54% |        6830      3.11%     59.66% |        6833      3.12%     62.77% |        6820      3.11%     65.88% |        6856      3.13%     69.01% |        6825      3.11%     72.12% |        6781      3.09%     75.21% |        6803      3.10%     78.32% |        6810      3.11%     81.42% |        6790      3.10%     84.52% |        6787      3.10%     87.61% |        6788      3.10%     90.71% |        6778      3.09%     93.80% |        6790      3.10%     96.90% |        6805      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       219280                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1815      3.41%      3.41% |        1699      3.19%      6.61% |        1730      3.25%      9.86% |        1673      3.15%     13.01% |        1675      3.15%     16.16% |        1667      3.13%     19.29% |        1670      3.14%     22.43% |        1655      3.11%     25.54% |        1671      3.14%     28.68% |        1703      3.20%     31.89% |        1690      3.18%     35.06% |        1644      3.09%     38.16% |        1691      3.18%     41.33% |        1685      3.17%     44.50% |        1700      3.20%     47.70% |        1645      3.09%     50.79% |        1659      3.12%     53.91% |        1644      3.09%     57.00% |        1634      3.07%     60.08% |        1622      3.05%     63.13% |        1625      3.06%     66.18% |        1640      3.08%     69.26% |        1625      3.06%     72.32% |        1614      3.03%     75.35% |        1654      3.11%     78.46% |        1676      3.15%     81.62% |        1666      3.13%     84.75% |        1620      3.05%     87.79% |        1643      3.09%     90.88% |        1623      3.05%     93.94% |        1622      3.05%     96.99% |        1603      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        53183                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10969      3.58%      3.58% |        9564      3.12%      6.71% |        9619      3.14%      9.85% |        9525      3.11%     12.96% |        9511      3.11%     16.07% |        9520      3.11%     19.18% |        9509      3.11%     22.29% |        9506      3.11%     25.39% |        9538      3.12%     28.51% |        9581      3.13%     31.64% |        9591      3.13%     34.77% |        9521      3.11%     37.89% |        9553      3.12%     41.01% |        9577      3.13%     44.14% |        9561      3.12%     47.26% |        9504      3.11%     50.37% |        9559      3.12%     53.49% |        9519      3.11%     56.60% |        9512      3.11%     59.71% |        9503      3.10%     62.81% |        9493      3.10%     65.91% |        9545      3.12%     69.03% |        9498      3.10%     72.13% |        9442      3.08%     75.22% |        9505      3.11%     78.33% |        9535      3.12%     81.44% |        9505      3.11%     84.55% |        9453      3.09%     87.63% |        9478      3.10%     90.73% |        9449      3.09%     93.82% |        9461      3.09%     96.91% |        9457      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       306063                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9945      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.12%      6.76% |        8595      3.14%      9.91% |        8501      3.11%     13.02% |        8487      3.11%     16.12% |        8496      3.11%     19.23% |        8485      3.10%     22.34% |        8482      3.10%     25.44% |        8514      3.12%     28.56% |        8557      3.13%     31.69% |        8567      3.13%     34.82% |        8497      3.11%     37.93% |        8529      3.12%     41.05% |        8553      3.13%     44.18% |        8537      3.12%     47.31% |        8480      3.10%     50.41% |        8535      3.12%     53.53% |        8495      3.11%     56.64% |        8488      3.11%     59.75% |        8479      3.10%     62.85% |        8469      3.10%     65.95% |        8521      3.12%     69.07% |        8474      3.10%     72.17% |        8418      3.08%     75.25% |        8481      3.10%     78.35% |        8511      3.11%     81.46% |        8481      3.10%     84.57% |        8429      3.08%     87.65% |        8454      3.09%     90.74% |        8425      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.91% |        8433      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       273295                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        6629      3.20%      3.20% |        6447      3.12%      6.32% |        6512      3.15%      9.46% |        6416      3.10%     12.56% |        6535      3.16%     15.72% |        6418      3.10%     18.82% |        6409      3.10%     21.92% |        6492      3.14%     25.06% |        6560      3.17%     28.23% |        6417      3.10%     31.33% |        6452      3.12%     34.45% |        6458      3.12%     37.57% |        6547      3.16%     40.73% |        6357      3.07%     43.80% |        6445      3.11%     46.91% |        6406      3.10%     50.01% |        6650      3.21%     53.22% |        6414      3.10%     56.32% |        6430      3.11%     59.43% |        6434      3.11%     62.54% |        6584      3.18%     65.72% |        6425      3.10%     68.82% |        6398      3.09%     71.92% |        6423      3.10%     75.02% |        6553      3.17%     78.19% |        6451      3.12%     81.30% |        6437      3.11%     84.41% |        6372      3.08%     87.49% |        6602      3.19%     90.68% |        6403      3.09%     93.78% |        6478      3.13%     96.91% |        6404      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total       206958                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         714      3.17%      3.17% |         704      3.12%      6.29% |         707      3.14%      9.43% |         705      3.13%     12.56% |         709      3.15%     15.70% |         716      3.18%     18.88% |         709      3.15%     22.03% |         698      3.10%     25.12% |         720      3.19%     28.32% |         700      3.11%     31.43% |         712      3.16%     34.58% |         705      3.13%     37.71% |         688      3.05%     40.77% |         696      3.09%     43.85% |         716      3.18%     47.03% |         697      3.09%     50.12% |         704      3.12%     53.25% |         698      3.10%     56.35% |         699      3.10%     59.45% |         702      3.12%     62.56% |         703      3.12%     65.68% |         682      3.03%     68.71% |         708      3.14%     71.85% |         692      3.07%     74.92% |         708      3.14%     78.06% |         699      3.10%     81.16% |         684      3.04%     84.20% |         699      3.10%     87.30% |         727      3.23%     90.53% |         716      3.18%     93.70% |         699      3.10%     96.81% |         720      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        22536                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         396      3.08%      3.08% |         393      3.05%      6.13% |         403      3.13%      9.26% |         406      3.15%     12.41% |         407      3.16%     15.57% |         406      3.15%     18.73% |         409      3.18%     21.90% |         408      3.17%     25.07% |         402      3.12%     28.19% |         406      3.15%     31.35% |         407      3.16%     34.51% |         408      3.17%     37.68% |         408      3.17%     40.85% |         411      3.19%     44.04% |         409      3.18%     47.22% |         406      3.15%     50.37% |         404      3.14%     53.51% |         403      3.13%     56.64% |         401      3.11%     59.75% |         400      3.11%     62.86% |         400      3.11%     65.97% |         401      3.11%     69.08% |         400      3.11%     72.19% |         395      3.07%     75.25% |         398      3.09%     78.35% |         393      3.05%     81.40% |         400      3.11%     84.50% |         398      3.09%     87.60% |         400      3.11%     90.70% |         400      3.11%     93.81% |         401      3.11%     96.92% |         396      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        12875                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         500      3.34%      3.34% |         456      3.04%      6.38% |         454      3.03%      9.41% |         447      2.98%     12.39% |         459      3.06%     15.46% |         470      3.14%     18.59% |         461      3.08%     21.67% |         461      3.08%     24.75% |         468      3.12%     27.87% |         475      3.17%     31.04% |         487      3.25%     34.29% |         476      3.18%     37.47% |         493      3.29%     40.76% |         496      3.31%     44.07% |         500      3.34%     47.40% |         485      3.24%     50.64% |         487      3.25%     53.89% |         473      3.16%     57.05% |         469      3.13%     60.18% |         447      2.98%     63.16% |         439      2.93%     66.09% |         469      3.13%     69.22% |         449      3.00%     72.22% |         446      2.98%     75.19% |         474      3.16%     78.36% |         478      3.19%     81.55% |         487      3.25%     84.80% |         455      3.04%     87.83% |         451      3.01%     90.84% |         455      3.04%     93.88% |         463      3.09%     96.97% |         454      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        14984                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        7281      3.18%      3.18% |        7144      3.12%      6.29% |        7209      3.15%      9.44% |        7113      3.10%     12.54% |        7237      3.16%     15.70% |        7130      3.11%     18.81% |        7113      3.10%     21.92% |        7183      3.13%     25.05% |        7272      3.17%     28.22% |        7109      3.10%     31.33% |        7157      3.12%     34.45% |        7157      3.12%     37.57% |        7227      3.15%     40.73% |        7049      3.08%     43.80% |        7155      3.12%     46.92% |        7098      3.10%     50.02% |        7348      3.21%     53.23% |        7105      3.10%     56.33% |        7122      3.11%     59.43% |        7126      3.11%     62.54% |        7275      3.17%     65.72% |        7094      3.10%     68.81% |        7095      3.10%     71.91% |        7104      3.10%     75.01% |        7251      3.16%     78.17% |        7141      3.12%     81.29% |        7111      3.10%     84.39% |        7060      3.08%     87.47% |        7316      3.19%     90.66% |        7110      3.10%     93.77% |        7164      3.13%     96.89% |        7120      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total       229176                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       58631      6.04%      6.04% |       30303      3.12%      9.16% |       29048      2.99%     12.15% |       29960      3.09%     15.24% |       29443      3.03%     18.27% |       28770      2.96%     21.24% |       28397      2.93%     24.16% |       28457      2.93%     27.09% |       28974      2.98%     30.08% |       29195      3.01%     33.08% |       30923      3.19%     36.27% |       31277      3.22%     39.49% |       29678      3.06%     42.55% |       28915      2.98%     45.53% |       28115      2.90%     48.42% |       28471      2.93%     51.36% |       29843      3.07%     54.43% |       28997      2.99%     57.42% |       29313      3.02%     60.44% |       29295      3.02%     63.45% |       29365      3.02%     66.48% |       31447      3.24%     69.72% |       28883      2.98%     72.69% |       28570      2.94%     75.64% |       29356      3.02%     78.66% |       29504      3.04%     81.70% |       28987      2.99%     84.68% |       28876      2.97%     87.66% |       29193      3.01%     90.67% |       28697      2.96%     93.62% |       29786      3.07%     96.69% |       32128      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       970797                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.04%     11.04% |          52      3.12%     14.17% |          48      2.88%     17.05% |          48      2.88%     19.93% |          48      2.88%     22.81% |          48      2.88%     25.69% |          48      2.88%     28.57% |          48      2.88%     31.45% |          48      2.88%     34.33% |          48      2.88%     37.21% |          46      2.76%     39.98% |          46      2.76%     42.74% |          46      2.76%     45.50% |          46      2.76%     48.26% |          46      2.76%     51.02% |          46      2.76%     53.78% |          46      2.76%     56.54% |          48      2.88%     59.42% |          48      2.88%     62.30% |          48      2.88%     65.19% |          48      2.88%     68.07% |          50      3.00%     71.07% |          48      2.88%     73.95% |          46      2.76%     76.71% |          48      2.88%     79.59% |          50      3.00%     82.59% |          50      3.00%     85.59% |          46      2.76%     88.36% |          46      2.76%     91.12% |          48      2.88%     94.00% |          50      3.00%     97.00% |          50      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1666                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         410      3.27%      3.27% |         374      2.98%      6.25% |         379      3.02%      9.28% |         373      2.98%     12.25% |         382      3.05%     15.30% |         381      3.04%     18.34% |         380      3.03%     21.37% |         385      3.07%     24.44% |         389      3.10%     27.54% |         401      3.20%     30.74% |         406      3.24%     33.98% |         397      3.17%     37.15% |         417      3.33%     40.48% |         418      3.33%     43.81% |         419      3.34%     47.15% |         408      3.25%     50.41% |         413      3.29%     53.70% |         401      3.20%     56.90% |         392      3.13%     60.03% |         373      2.98%     63.00% |         363      2.90%     65.90% |         388      3.10%     68.99% |         373      2.98%     71.97% |         372      2.97%     74.94% |         399      3.18%     78.12% |         406      3.24%     81.36% |         414      3.30%     84.66% |         387      3.09%     87.75% |         388      3.10%     90.84% |         382      3.05%     93.89% |         393      3.13%     97.02% |         373      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12536                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5285      4.14%      4.14% |        4018      3.14%      7.28% |        4066      3.18%     10.46% |        3977      3.11%     13.57% |        3970      3.11%     16.68% |        3965      3.10%     19.78% |        3968      3.10%     22.89% |        3962      3.10%     25.99% |        3970      3.11%     29.09% |        3998      3.13%     32.22% |        4018      3.14%     35.37% |        3930      3.08%     38.44% |        3948      3.09%     41.53% |        3973      3.11%     44.64% |        3966      3.10%     47.74% |        3932      3.08%     50.82% |        3964      3.10%     53.92% |        3937      3.08%     57.00% |        3940      3.08%     60.09% |        3948      3.09%     63.18% |        3949      3.09%     66.27% |        3956      3.10%     69.36% |        3952      3.09%     72.45% |        3901      3.05%     75.51% |        3931      3.08%     78.58% |        3948      3.09%     81.67% |        3910      3.06%     84.73% |        3896      3.05%     87.78% |        3917      3.07%     90.85% |        3892      3.05%     93.89% |        3885      3.04%     96.93% |        3922      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       127794                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5174      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5159      3.11%     25.01% |        5179      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5167      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5164      3.12%     50.01% |        5182      3.13%     53.14% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5180      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.52% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5201      3.14%     68.78% |        5173      3.12%     71.90% |        5169      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.27% |        5181      3.13%     84.39% |        5171      3.12%     87.51% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5175      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       165734                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3412      3.09%      3.09% |        3393      3.07%      6.16% |        3090      2.80%      8.96% |        3111      2.82%     11.77% |        3151      2.85%     14.62% |        3653      3.31%     17.93% |        3330      3.01%     20.95% |        2908      2.63%     23.58% |        3145      2.85%     26.42% |        4724      4.28%     30.70% |        3471      3.14%     33.84% |        3384      3.06%     36.90% |        3122      2.83%     39.73% |        3851      3.49%     43.22% |        3439      3.11%     46.33% |        3360      3.04%     49.37% |        3668      3.32%     52.69% |        3706      3.35%     56.05% |        3200      2.90%     58.94% |        2906      2.63%     61.57% |        2697      2.44%     64.01% |        3257      2.95%     66.96% |        3120      2.82%     69.79% |        3012      2.73%     72.51% |        3200      2.90%     75.41% |        3223      2.92%     78.33% |        2830      2.56%     80.89% |        4145      3.75%     84.64% |        3522      3.19%     87.83% |        4765      4.31%     92.14% |        4606      4.17%     96.31% |        4078      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2658      3.13%      3.13% |        2615      3.08%      6.21% |        2661      3.13%      9.34% |        2673      3.15%     12.49% |        2682      3.16%     15.65% |        2712      3.19%     18.84% |        2775      3.27%     22.11% |        2667      3.14%     25.25% |        2687      3.16%     28.41% |        2650      3.12%     31.53% |        2686      3.16%     34.70% |        2607      3.07%     37.76% |        2691      3.17%     40.93% |        2629      3.10%     44.03% |        2721      3.20%     47.23% |        2697      3.18%     50.41% |        2723      3.21%     53.61% |        2636      3.10%     56.72% |        2679      3.15%     59.87% |        2604      3.07%     62.94% |        2651      3.12%     66.06% |        2615      3.08%     69.14% |        2646      3.12%     72.26% |        2620      3.08%     75.34% |        2710      3.19%     78.53% |        2598      3.06%     81.59% |        2635      3.10%     84.69% |        2561      3.02%     87.71% |        2615      3.08%     90.79% |        2595      3.06%     93.84% |        2639      3.11%     96.95% |        2590      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        84928                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |         922      3.24%      3.24% |         929      3.26%      6.50% |         901      3.17%      9.67% |         856      3.01%     12.68% |         917      3.22%     15.90% |         940      3.30%     19.20% |         867      3.05%     22.25% |         862      3.03%     25.27% |         889      3.12%     28.40% |         920      3.23%     31.63% |         896      3.15%     34.78% |         879      3.09%     37.87% |         871      3.06%     40.93% |         885      3.11%     44.04% |         920      3.23%     47.27% |         884      3.11%     50.37% |         892      3.13%     53.51% |         850      2.99%     56.49% |         891      3.13%     59.62% |         900      3.16%     62.79% |         879      3.09%     65.87% |         888      3.12%     68.99% |         874      3.07%     72.07% |         893      3.14%     75.20% |         880      3.09%     78.29% |         887      3.12%     81.41% |         853      3.00%     84.41% |         871      3.06%     87.47% |         927      3.26%     90.72% |         893      3.14%     93.86% |         873      3.07%     96.93% |         874      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total        28463                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        6364      3.17%      3.17% |        6223      3.10%      6.26% |        6317      3.14%      9.40% |        6269      3.12%     12.52% |        6324      3.15%     15.67% |        6191      3.08%     18.75% |        6246      3.11%     21.86% |        6327      3.15%     25.00% |        6390      3.18%     28.18% |        6203      3.09%     31.27% |        6259      3.11%     34.38% |        6282      3.13%     37.51% |        6383      3.18%     40.68% |        6171      3.07%     43.75% |        6233      3.10%     46.85% |        6221      3.09%     49.95% |        6471      3.22%     53.17% |        6276      3.12%     56.29% |        6253      3.11%     59.40% |        6246      3.11%     62.51% |        6399      3.18%     65.69% |        6238      3.10%     68.79% |        6226      3.10%     71.89% |        6229      3.10%     74.99% |        6375      3.17%     78.16% |        6266      3.12%     81.28% |        6288      3.13%     84.41% |        6195      3.08%     87.49% |        6393      3.18%     90.67% |        6211      3.09%     93.76% |        6300      3.13%     96.89% |        6243      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total       201012                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         467      3.26%      3.26% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.26% |         430      3.01%     12.26% |         441      3.08%     15.35% |         439      3.07%     18.41% |         438      3.06%     21.48% |         442      3.09%     24.57% |         446      3.12%     27.68% |         454      3.17%     30.86% |         449      3.14%     34.00% |         455      3.18%     37.18% |         473      3.31%     40.49% |         473      3.31%     43.79% |         476      3.33%     47.12% |         464      3.24%     50.36% |         467      3.26%     53.63% |         455      3.18%     56.81% |         450      3.15%     59.96% |         425      2.97%     62.93% |         417      2.92%     65.84% |         439      3.07%     68.91% |         431      3.01%     71.92% |         430      3.01%     74.93% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.38% |         472      3.30%     84.68% |         440      3.08%     87.76% |         438      3.06%     90.82% |         437      3.06%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        14304                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           7      8.14%     12.79% |           5      5.81%     18.60% |           4      4.65%     23.26% |           1      1.16%     24.42% |           7      8.14%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           1      1.16%     36.05% |           1      1.16%     37.21% |           2      2.33%     39.53% |           2      2.33%     41.86% |           1      1.16%     43.02% |           4      4.65%     47.67% |           1      1.16%     48.84% |           4      4.65%     53.49% |           0      0.00%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           2      2.33%     56.98% |          13     15.12%     72.09% |           4      4.65%     76.74% |           2      2.33%     79.07% |           1      1.16%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           4      4.65%     89.53% |           1      1.16%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           0      0.00%     93.02% |           3      3.49%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       29097     21.42%     21.42% |        4172      3.07%     24.49% |        3107      2.29%     26.78% |        3930      2.89%     29.67% |        3265      2.40%     32.07% |        3001      2.21%     34.28% |        2784      2.05%     36.33% |        2794      2.06%     38.39% |        2838      2.09%     40.48% |        3390      2.50%     42.97% |        5153      3.79%     46.77% |        4979      3.67%     50.43% |        3636      2.68%     53.11% |        3329      2.45%     55.56% |        2532      1.86%     57.42% |        2880      2.12%     59.54% |        3703      2.73%     62.27% |        3283      2.42%     64.69% |        3445      2.54%     67.22% |        3406      2.51%     69.73% |        3251      2.39%     72.12% |        4625      3.40%     75.53% |        3094      2.28%     77.80% |        2870      2.11%     79.92% |        3035      2.23%     82.15% |        3538      2.60%     84.76% |        3085      2.27%     87.03% |        2695      1.98%     89.01% |        3023      2.23%     91.24% |        2778      2.04%     93.28% |        3321      2.44%     95.73% |        5806      4.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135845                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        3503      6.31%      6.31% |        1854      3.34%      9.65% |        1544      2.78%     12.43% |        1724      3.10%     15.53% |        1639      2.95%     18.49% |        1532      2.76%     21.24% |        1374      2.47%     23.72% |        1412      2.54%     26.26% |        1550      2.79%     29.05% |        1523      2.74%     31.80% |        1513      2.72%     34.52% |        2033      3.66%     38.18% |        1458      2.63%     40.81% |        1374      2.47%     43.28% |        1354      2.44%     45.72% |        1442      2.60%     48.32% |        1523      2.74%     51.06% |        1481      2.67%     53.73% |        1656      2.98%     56.71% |        1727      3.11%     59.82% |        1538      2.77%     62.59% |        2582      4.65%     67.24% |        1601      2.88%     70.12% |        1566      2.82%     72.94% |        1822      3.28%     76.23% |        1679      3.02%     79.25% |        1703      3.07%     82.32% |        2086      3.76%     86.07% |        1621      2.92%     88.99% |        1704      3.07%     92.06% |        2275      4.10%     96.16% |        2133      3.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        55526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        8032      3.67%      3.67% |        6806      3.11%      6.77% |        6824      3.11%      9.89% |        6800      3.10%     12.99% |        6786      3.10%     16.09% |        6797      3.10%     19.19% |        6788      3.10%     22.29% |        6800      3.10%     25.39% |        6815      3.11%     28.50% |        6822      3.11%     31.61% |        6833      3.12%     34.73% |        6824      3.11%     37.85% |        6810      3.11%     40.96% |        6842      3.12%     44.08% |        6808      3.11%     47.19% |        6809      3.11%     50.29% |        6849      3.13%     53.42% |        6825      3.11%     56.53% |        6826      3.12%     59.65% |        6829      3.12%     62.77% |        6814      3.11%     65.88% |        6848      3.13%     69.00% |        6821      3.11%     72.11% |        6779      3.09%     75.21% |        6799      3.10%     78.31% |        6807      3.11%     81.42% |        6786      3.10%     84.52% |        6784      3.10%     87.61% |        6782      3.10%     90.71% |        6774      3.09%     93.80% |        6787      3.10%     96.90% |        6800      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       219106                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1315      3.45%      3.45% |        1245      3.27%      6.72% |        1283      3.37%     10.08% |        1222      3.21%     13.29% |        1211      3.18%     16.47% |        1201      3.15%     19.62% |        1207      3.17%     22.79% |        1190      3.12%     25.91% |        1199      3.15%     29.05% |        1228      3.22%     32.28% |        1217      3.19%     35.47% |        1168      3.06%     38.53% |        1195      3.14%     41.67% |        1188      3.12%     44.79% |        1200      3.15%     47.94% |        1158      3.04%     50.97% |        1170      3.07%     54.04% |        1166      3.06%     57.10% |        1162      3.05%     60.15% |        1169      3.07%     63.22% |        1180      3.10%     66.32% |        1166      3.06%     69.38% |        1169      3.07%     72.44% |        1159      3.04%     75.48% |        1174      3.08%     78.57% |        1192      3.13%     81.69% |        1173      3.08%     84.77% |        1157      3.04%     87.81% |        1185      3.11%     90.92% |        1163      3.05%     93.97% |        1149      3.01%     96.98% |        1150      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        38111                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        7281      3.18%      3.18% |        7144      3.12%      6.29% |        7209      3.15%      9.44% |        7113      3.10%     12.54% |        7237      3.16%     15.70% |        7130      3.11%     18.81% |        7113      3.10%     21.92% |        7183      3.13%     25.05% |        7272      3.17%     28.22% |        7109      3.10%     31.33% |        7157      3.12%     34.45% |        7157      3.12%     37.57% |        7227      3.15%     40.73% |        7049      3.08%     43.80% |        7155      3.12%     46.92% |        7098      3.10%     50.02% |        7348      3.21%     53.23% |        7105      3.10%     56.33% |        7122      3.11%     59.43% |        7126      3.11%     62.54% |        7275      3.17%     65.72% |        7094      3.10%     68.81% |        7095      3.10%     71.91% |        7104      3.10%     75.01% |        7251      3.16%     78.17% |        7141      3.12%     81.29% |        7111      3.10%     84.39% |        7060      3.08%     87.47% |        7316      3.19%     90.66% |        7110      3.10%     93.77% |        7164      3.13%     96.89% |        7120      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total       229176                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |        8247      3.19%      3.19% |        7998      3.09%      6.28% |        8003      3.10%      9.38% |        8098      3.13%     12.51% |        8232      3.18%     15.69% |        8025      3.10%     18.80% |        8058      3.12%     21.91% |        8009      3.10%     25.01% |        8225      3.18%     28.19% |        8052      3.11%     31.30% |        7977      3.08%     34.39% |        8044      3.11%     37.50% |        8279      3.20%     40.70% |        8065      3.12%     43.82% |        7990      3.09%     46.91% |        8016      3.10%     50.01% |        8183      3.16%     53.18% |        8069      3.12%     56.30% |        8019      3.10%     59.40% |        7962      3.08%     62.48% |        8229      3.18%     65.66% |        8047      3.11%     68.77% |        8026      3.10%     71.88% |        8018      3.10%     74.98% |        8199      3.17%     78.15% |        8075      3.12%     81.27% |        8054      3.11%     84.38% |        8026      3.10%     87.49% |        8198      3.17%     90.66% |        8096      3.13%     93.79% |        8016      3.10%     96.89% |        8043      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total       258578                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       42870      8.97%      8.97% |       15000      3.14%     12.11% |       13672      2.86%     14.97% |       14592      3.05%     18.02% |       13817      2.89%     20.92% |       13447      2.81%     23.73% |       13071      2.74%     26.47% |       13110      2.74%     29.21% |       13314      2.79%     31.99% |       13874      2.90%     34.90% |       15628      3.27%     38.17% |       15919      3.33%     41.50% |       14016      2.93%     44.43% |       13645      2.86%     47.29% |       12811      2.68%     49.97% |       13203      2.76%     52.73% |       14158      2.96%     55.69% |       13668      2.86%     58.55% |       14016      2.93%     61.49% |       14045      2.94%     64.43% |       13692      2.87%     67.29% |       16129      3.38%     70.67% |       13600      2.85%     73.51% |       13290      2.78%     76.29% |       13751      2.88%     79.17% |       14133      2.96%     82.13% |       13665      2.86%     84.99% |       13633      2.85%     87.84% |       13524      2.83%     90.67% |       13334      2.79%     93.46% |       14445      3.02%     96.48% |       16799      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       477871                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           5      4.59%      4.59% |           7      6.42%     11.01% |           6      5.50%     16.51% |           3      2.75%     19.27% |           2      1.83%     21.10% |           5      4.59%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           0      0.00%     25.69% |           3      2.75%     28.44% |           5      4.59%     33.03% |           3      2.75%     35.78% |           5      4.59%     40.37% |           3      2.75%     43.12% |           1      0.92%     44.04% |           3      2.75%     46.79% |           1      0.92%     47.71% |           2      1.83%     49.54% |           1      0.92%     50.46% |           3      2.75%     53.21% |           3      2.75%     55.96% |           5      4.59%     60.55% |           7      6.42%     66.97% |           4      3.67%     70.64% |           2      1.83%     72.48% |           4      3.67%     76.15% |           3      2.75%     78.90% |           4      3.67%     82.57% |           3      2.75%     85.32% |           5      4.59%     89.91% |           3      2.75%     92.66% |           3      2.75%     95.41% |           5      4.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          109                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          33      4.30%      4.30% |          21      2.73%      7.03% |          23      2.99%     10.03% |          21      2.73%     12.76% |          23      2.99%     15.76% |          27      3.52%     19.27% |          25      3.26%     22.53% |          23      2.99%     25.52% |          26      3.39%     28.91% |          21      2.73%     31.64% |          24      3.12%     34.77% |          21      2.73%     37.50% |          23      2.99%     40.49% |          24      3.12%     43.62% |          24      3.12%     46.74% |          23      2.99%     49.74% |          22      2.86%     52.60% |          23      2.99%     55.60% |          22      2.86%     58.46% |          28      3.65%     62.11% |          28      3.65%     65.76% |          35      4.56%     70.31% |          25      3.26%     73.57% |          25      3.26%     76.82% |          20      2.60%     79.43% |          21      2.73%     82.16% |          21      2.73%     84.90% |          23      2.99%     87.89% |          20      2.60%     90.49% |          23      2.99%     93.49% |          26      3.39%     96.88% |          24      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          768                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     87.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9945      3.64%      3.64% |        8540      3.12%      6.76% |        8595      3.14%      9.91% |        8501      3.11%     13.02% |        8487      3.11%     16.12% |        8496      3.11%     19.23% |        8485      3.10%     22.34% |        8482      3.10%     25.44% |        8514      3.12%     28.56% |        8557      3.13%     31.69% |        8567      3.13%     34.82% |        8497      3.11%     37.93% |        8529      3.12%     41.05% |        8553      3.13%     44.18% |        8537      3.12%     47.31% |        8480      3.10%     50.41% |        8535      3.12%     53.53% |        8495      3.11%     56.64% |        8488      3.11%     59.75% |        8479      3.10%     62.85% |        8469      3.10%     65.95% |        8521      3.12%     69.07% |        8474      3.10%     72.17% |        8418      3.08%     75.25% |        8481      3.10%     78.35% |        8511      3.11%     81.46% |        8481      3.10%     84.57% |        8429      3.08%     87.65% |        8454      3.09%     90.74% |        8425      3.08%     93.83% |        8437      3.09%     96.91% |        8433      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       273295                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.63%      4.63% |          26      3.35%      7.98% |          24      3.09%     11.07% |          24      3.09%     14.16% |          24      3.09%     17.25% |          24      3.09%     20.33% |          24      3.09%     23.42% |          24      3.09%     26.51% |          24      3.09%     29.60% |          24      3.09%     32.69% |          23      2.96%     35.65% |          23      2.96%     38.61% |          23      2.96%     41.57% |          23      2.96%     44.53% |          23      2.96%     47.49% |          23      2.96%     50.45% |          23      2.96%     53.41% |          24      3.09%     56.50% |          24      3.09%     59.59% |          24      3.09%     62.68% |          24      3.09%     65.77% |          25      3.22%     68.98% |          24      3.09%     72.07% |          23      2.96%     75.03% |          24      3.09%     78.12% |          25      3.22%     81.34% |          25      3.22%     84.56% |          23      2.96%     87.52% |          23      2.96%     90.48% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          777                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          58     48.33%     48.33% |           5      4.17%     52.50% |           4      3.33%     55.83% |           3      2.50%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           3      2.50%     60.83% |           2      1.67%     62.50% |           3      2.50%     65.00% |           2      1.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      0.83%     67.50% |           0      0.00%     67.50% |           1      0.83%     68.33% |           1      0.83%     69.17% |           2      1.67%     70.83% |           1      0.83%     71.67% |           3      2.50%     74.17% |           3      2.50%     76.67% |           3      2.50%     79.17% |           1      0.83%     80.00% |           3      2.50%     82.50% |           2      1.67%     84.17% |           3      2.50%     86.67% |           3      2.50%     89.17% |           5      4.17%     93.33% |           3      2.50%     95.83% |           3      2.50%     98.33% |           2      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.67%      6.67% |           2      4.44%     11.11% |           2      4.44%     15.56% |           0      0.00%     15.56% |           2      4.44%     20.00% |           5     11.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           3      6.67%     37.78% |           2      4.44%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           2      4.44%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           2      4.44%     57.78% |           1      2.22%     60.00% |           1      2.22%     62.22% |           0      0.00%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           2      4.44%     68.89% |           2      4.44%     73.33% |           4      8.89%     82.22% |           1      2.22%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           1      2.22%     88.89% |           1      2.22%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           0      0.00%     93.33% |           3      6.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.02%      2.02% |           2      1.01%      3.03% |           6      3.03%      6.06% |           5      2.53%      8.59% |           7      3.54%     12.12% |           4      2.02%     14.14% |           5      2.53%     16.67% |           7      3.54%     20.20% |           8      4.04%     24.24% |           5      2.53%     26.77% |           5      2.53%     29.29% |           3      1.52%     30.81% |           6      3.03%     33.84% |           4      2.02%     35.86% |           5      2.53%     38.38% |           5      2.53%     40.91% |           5      2.53%     43.43% |           6      3.03%     46.46% |           5      2.53%     48.99% |           9      4.55%     53.54% |           9      4.55%     58.08% |          10      5.05%     63.13% |           8      4.04%     67.17% |          10      5.05%     72.22% |           7      3.54%     75.76% |           7      3.54%     79.29% |           7      3.54%     82.83% |           8      4.04%     86.87% |           8      4.04%     90.91% |           6      3.03%     93.94% |          10      5.05%     98.99% |           2      1.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          29      5.09%      5.09% |          19      3.33%      8.42% |          17      2.98%     11.40% |          16      2.81%     14.21% |          16      2.81%     17.02% |          23      4.04%     21.05% |          20      3.51%     24.56% |          16      2.81%     27.37% |          18      3.16%     30.53% |          16      2.81%     33.33% |          19      3.33%     36.67% |          18      3.16%     39.82% |          17      2.98%     42.81% |          20      3.51%     46.32% |          19      3.33%     49.65% |          18      3.16%     52.81% |          17      2.98%     55.79% |          17      2.98%     58.77% |          17      2.98%     61.75% |          19      3.33%     65.09% |          19      3.33%     68.42% |          25      4.39%     72.81% |          17      2.98%     75.79% |          15      2.63%     78.42% |          13      2.28%     80.70% |          14      2.46%     83.16% |          14      2.46%     85.61% |          15      2.63%     88.25% |          12      2.11%     90.35% |          17      2.98%     93.33% |          16      2.81%     96.14% |          22      3.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          570                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         396      3.12%      3.12% |         393      3.10%      6.22% |         339      2.67%      8.90% |         405      3.19%     12.09% |         407      3.21%     15.30% |         406      3.20%     18.50% |         407      3.21%     21.71% |         405      3.19%     24.91% |         401      3.16%     28.07% |         404      3.19%     31.26% |         300      2.37%     33.62% |         407      3.21%     36.83% |         406      3.20%     40.03% |         409      3.23%     43.26% |         407      3.21%     46.47% |         404      3.19%     49.66% |         402      3.17%     52.83% |         402      3.17%     56.00% |         400      3.15%     59.15% |         399      3.15%     62.30% |         399      3.15%     65.45% |         401      3.16%     68.61% |         400      3.15%     71.76% |         395      3.12%     74.88% |         398      3.14%     78.02% |         393      3.10%     81.12% |         400      3.15%     84.27% |         398      3.14%     87.41% |         400      3.15%     90.57% |         399      3.15%     93.71% |         401      3.16%     96.88% |         396      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        12679                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         467      3.26%      3.26% |         433      3.03%      6.29% |         424      2.96%      9.26% |         430      3.01%     12.26% |         441      3.08%     15.35% |         439      3.07%     18.41% |         438      3.06%     21.48% |         442      3.09%     24.57% |         446      3.12%     27.68% |         454      3.17%     30.86% |         449      3.14%     34.00% |         455      3.18%     37.18% |         473      3.31%     40.49% |         473      3.31%     43.79% |         476      3.33%     47.12% |         464      3.24%     50.36% |         467      3.26%     53.63% |         455      3.18%     56.81% |         450      3.15%     59.96% |         425      2.97%     62.93% |         417      2.92%     65.84% |         439      3.07%     68.91% |         431      3.01%     71.92% |         430      3.01%     74.93% |         460      3.22%     78.15% |         463      3.24%     81.38% |         472      3.30%     84.68% |         440      3.08%     87.76% |         438      3.06%     90.82% |         437      3.06%     93.88% |         447      3.12%     97.00% |         429      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        14304                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     32.65%     32.65% |           1      0.51%     33.16% |           0      0.00%     33.16% |           0      0.00%     33.16% |           2      1.02%     34.18% |           3      1.53%     35.71% |           1      0.51%     36.22% |           2      1.02%     37.24% |         107     54.59%     91.84% |           1      0.51%     92.35% |           2      1.02%     93.37% |           2      1.02%     94.39% |           2      1.02%     95.41% |           2      1.02%     96.43% |           2      1.02%     97.45% |           1      0.51%     97.96% |           1      0.51%     98.47% |           1      0.51%     98.98% |           1      0.51%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           0      0.00%     99.49% |           1      0.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      1.54%      1.54% |           2      3.08%      4.62% |          11     16.92%     21.54% |           1      1.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           3      4.62%     27.69% |           3      4.62%     32.31% |           3      4.62%     36.92% |           1      1.54%     38.46% |           3      4.62%     43.08% |          18     27.69%     70.77% |           1      1.54%     72.31% |           2      3.08%     75.38% |           2      3.08%     78.46% |           3      4.62%     83.08% |           2      3.08%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           1      1.54%     90.77% |           1      1.54%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           1      1.54%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           0      0.00%     96.92% |           1      1.54%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          61      2.83%      2.83% |          63      2.92%      5.75% |          64      2.97%      8.72% |          69      3.20%     11.93% |          63      2.92%     14.85% |          58      2.69%     17.54% |          61      2.83%     20.37% |          68      3.16%     23.53% |          67      3.11%     26.64% |          73      3.39%     30.02% |          60      2.78%     32.81% |          64      2.97%     35.78% |          85      3.94%     39.72% |          68      3.16%     42.88% |          56      2.60%     45.48% |          68      3.16%     48.63% |          75      3.48%     52.11% |          80      3.71%     55.82% |          71      3.29%     59.12% |          76      3.53%     62.65% |          61      2.83%     65.48% |          90      4.18%     69.65% |          63      2.92%     72.58% |          76      3.53%     76.10% |          61      2.83%     78.93% |          70      3.25%     82.18% |          87      4.04%     86.22% |          64      2.97%     89.19% |          59      2.74%     91.93% |          52      2.41%     94.34% |          67      3.11%     97.45% |          55      2.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         2155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5224      4.16%      4.16% |        3955      3.15%      7.31% |        4002      3.19%     10.49% |        3908      3.11%     13.60% |        3907      3.11%     16.71% |        3907      3.11%     19.82% |        3907      3.11%     22.93% |        3894      3.10%     26.03% |        3903      3.11%     29.14% |        3925      3.12%     32.26% |        3958      3.15%     35.41% |        3866      3.08%     38.49% |        3863      3.07%     41.56% |        3905      3.11%     44.67% |        3910      3.11%     47.78% |        3864      3.08%     50.86% |        3889      3.10%     53.95% |        3857      3.07%     57.02% |        3869      3.08%     60.10% |        3872      3.08%     63.18% |        3888      3.09%     66.28% |        3866      3.08%     69.36% |        3889      3.10%     72.45% |        3825      3.04%     75.50% |        3870      3.08%     78.58% |        3878      3.09%     81.66% |        3823      3.04%     84.71% |        3832      3.05%     87.76% |        3858      3.07%     90.83% |        3840      3.06%     93.88% |        3818      3.04%     96.92% |        3867      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       125639                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     15.38%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           1      7.69%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           2     15.38%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           2     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           1      7.69%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      7.69%     84.62% |           1      7.69%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         471      3.21%      3.21% |         437      2.97%      6.18% |         443      3.02%      9.20% |         442      3.01%     12.21% |         445      3.03%     15.23% |         439      2.99%     18.22% |         441      3.00%     21.23% |         453      3.08%     24.31% |         456      3.10%     27.41% |         474      3.23%     30.64% |         466      3.17%     33.81% |         461      3.14%     36.95% |         502      3.42%     40.37% |         486      3.31%     43.68% |         475      3.23%     46.91% |         476      3.24%     50.15% |         488      3.32%     53.47% |         481      3.27%     56.75% |         463      3.15%     59.90% |         449      3.06%     62.95% |         424      2.89%     65.84% |         478      3.25%     69.09% |         436      2.97%     72.06% |         448      3.05%     75.11% |         460      3.13%     78.24% |         476      3.24%     81.48% |         501      3.41%     84.89% |         450      3.06%     87.96% |         447      3.04%     91.00% |         434      2.95%     93.96% |         460      3.13%     97.09% |         428      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        14690                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        5274      3.18%      3.18% |        5172      3.12%      6.30% |        5174      3.12%      9.42% |        5175      3.12%     12.55% |        5159      3.11%     15.66% |        5174      3.12%     18.78% |        5161      3.11%     21.90% |        5159      3.11%     25.01% |        5179      3.12%     28.13% |        5182      3.13%     31.26% |        5167      3.12%     34.38% |        5194      3.13%     37.51% |        5188      3.13%     40.64% |        5186      3.13%     43.77% |        5176      3.12%     46.89% |        5164      3.12%     50.01% |        5182      3.13%     53.14% |        5181      3.13%     56.26% |        5180      3.13%     59.39% |        5182      3.13%     62.52% |        5181      3.13%     65.64% |        5201      3.14%     68.78% |        5173      3.12%     71.90% |        5169      3.12%     75.02% |        5175      3.12%     78.14% |        5181      3.13%     81.27% |        5181      3.13%     84.39% |        5171      3.12%     87.51% |        5173      3.12%     90.64% |        5175      3.12%     93.76% |        5183      3.13%     96.89% |        5162      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       165734                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          47      2.89%      2.89% |          44      2.70%      5.59% |          42      2.58%      8.17% |          49      3.01%     11.18% |          41      2.52%     13.70% |          35      2.15%     15.85% |          43      2.64%     18.49% |          67      4.12%     22.60% |          51      3.13%     25.74% |          50      3.07%     28.81% |          53      3.26%     32.06% |          52      3.19%     35.26% |          45      2.76%     38.02% |          49      3.01%     41.03% |          51      3.13%     44.16% |          53      3.26%     47.42% |          53      3.26%     50.68% |          47      2.89%     53.56% |          57      3.50%     57.06% |          59      3.62%     60.69% |          54      3.32%     64.00% |          44      2.70%     66.71% |          43      2.64%     69.35% |          65      3.99%     73.34% |          56      3.44%     76.78% |          65      3.99%     80.77% |          59      3.62%     84.40% |          68      4.18%     88.57% |          48      2.95%     91.52% |          40      2.46%     93.98% |          46      2.83%     96.81% |          52      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total         1628                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |         105      2.71%      2.71% |         122      3.15%      5.86% |         119      3.07%      8.94% |         106      2.74%     11.68% |         117      3.02%     14.70% |         127      3.28%     17.98% |         119      3.07%     21.05% |         117      3.02%     24.08% |         115      2.97%     27.05% |         114      2.94%     29.99% |         122      3.15%     33.14% |         102      2.63%     35.78% |         119      3.07%     38.85% |         125      3.23%     42.08% |         124      3.20%     45.29% |         123      3.18%     48.46% |         127      3.28%     51.74% |         133      3.44%     55.18% |         128      3.31%     58.49% |         142      3.67%     62.15% |         124      3.20%     65.36% |         127      3.28%     68.64% |         121      3.13%     71.76% |         116      3.00%     74.76% |         122      3.15%     77.91% |         116      3.00%     80.91% |         140      3.62%     84.53% |         126      3.25%     87.78% |         127      3.28%     91.06% |         121      3.13%     94.19% |         114      2.94%     97.13% |         111      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total         3871                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |         178      2.53%      2.53% |         195      2.78%      5.31% |         177      2.52%      7.83% |         202      2.88%     10.71% |         164      2.34%     13.04% |         198      2.82%     15.86% |         178      2.53%     18.40% |         214      3.05%     21.44% |         196      2.79%     24.23% |         187      2.66%     26.90% |         197      2.81%     29.70% |         246      3.50%     33.21% |         247      3.52%     36.72% |         224      3.19%     39.91% |         216      3.08%     42.99% |         222      3.16%     46.15% |         207      2.95%     49.10% |         232      3.30%     52.40% |         266      3.79%     56.19% |         286      4.07%     60.26% |         239      3.40%     63.66% |         211      3.00%     66.67% |         233      3.32%     69.98% |         260      3.70%     73.69% |         301      4.29%     77.97% |         272      3.87%     81.85% |         281      4.00%     85.85% |         319      4.54%     90.39% |         136      1.94%     92.33% |         182      2.59%     94.92% |         171      2.43%     97.35% |         186      2.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total         7023                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        7286      3.18%      3.18% |        7152      3.12%      6.29% |        7218      3.15%      9.44% |        7125      3.10%     12.54% |        7241      3.16%     15.70% |        7131      3.11%     18.81% |        7113      3.10%     21.90% |        7189      3.13%     25.04% |        7279      3.17%     28.21% |        7123      3.10%     31.31% |        7155      3.12%     34.43% |        7161      3.12%     37.55% |        7254      3.16%     40.71% |        7056      3.07%     43.79% |        7153      3.12%     46.91% |        7105      3.10%     50.00% |        7363      3.21%     53.21% |        7126      3.11%     56.32% |        7144      3.11%     59.43% |        7146      3.11%     62.54% |        7278      3.17%     65.71% |        7126      3.11%     68.82% |        7100      3.09%     71.91% |        7122      3.10%     75.02% |        7255      3.16%     78.18% |        7153      3.12%     81.30% |        7141      3.11%     84.41% |        7066      3.08%     87.49% |        7320      3.19%     90.68% |        7104      3.10%     93.77% |        7173      3.13%     96.90% |        7117      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       229475                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         124      2.63%      2.63% |         117      2.48%      5.11% |         157      3.33%      8.44% |         146      3.10%     11.54% |         109      2.31%     13.85% |         149      3.16%     17.01% |         134      2.84%     19.85% |         142      3.01%     22.86% |         136      2.88%     25.75% |         135      2.86%     28.61% |         123      2.61%     31.22% |         148      3.14%     34.36% |         167      3.54%     37.90% |         134      2.84%     40.74% |         168      3.56%     44.31% |         145      3.08%     47.38% |         159      3.37%     50.75% |         150      3.18%     53.93% |         156      3.31%     57.24% |         154      3.27%     60.51% |         176      3.73%     64.24% |         150      3.18%     67.42% |         132      2.80%     70.22% |         170      3.61%     73.83% |         184      3.90%     77.73% |         152      3.22%     80.95% |         175      3.71%     84.67% |         191      4.05%     88.72% |         122      2.59%     91.30% |         130      2.76%     94.06% |         146      3.10%     97.16% |         134      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         4715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |         119      2.69%      2.69% |         116      2.62%      5.31% |         123      2.78%      8.10% |         135      3.05%     11.15% |         107      2.42%     13.57% |         139      3.14%     16.71% |         120      2.71%     19.43% |         123      2.78%     22.21% |         131      2.96%     25.17% |         106      2.40%     27.57% |         119      2.69%     30.26% |         147      3.32%     33.58% |         164      3.71%     37.29% |         146      3.30%     40.59% |         139      3.14%     43.74% |         137      3.10%     46.83% |         131      2.96%     49.80% |         136      3.08%     52.87% |         150      3.39%     56.26% |         181      4.09%     60.36% |         149      3.37%     63.73% |         142      3.21%     66.94% |         139      3.14%     70.08% |         162      3.66%     73.74% |         171      3.87%     77.61% |         167      3.78%     81.39% |         154      3.48%     84.87% |         185      4.18%     89.05% |         120      2.71%     91.77% |         128      2.89%     94.66% |         118      2.67%     97.33% |         118      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total         4422                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       51345      6.93%      6.93% |       23151      3.12%     10.05% |       21830      2.94%     12.99% |       22835      3.08%     16.07% |       22202      2.99%     19.07% |       21639      2.92%     21.99% |       21284      2.87%     24.86% |       21268      2.87%     27.73% |       21695      2.93%     30.65% |       22072      2.98%     33.63% |       23768      3.21%     36.84% |       24116      3.25%     40.09% |       22424      3.02%     43.12% |       21859      2.95%     46.06% |       20962      2.83%     48.89% |       21366      2.88%     51.77% |       22480      3.03%     54.81% |       21871      2.95%     57.76% |       22169      2.99%     60.75% |       22149      2.99%     63.74% |       22087      2.98%     66.71% |       24321      3.28%     70.00% |       21783      2.94%     72.93% |       21448      2.89%     75.83% |       22101      2.98%     78.81% |       22351      3.02%     81.82% |       21846      2.95%     84.77% |       21810      2.94%     87.71% |       21873      2.95%     90.66% |       21593      2.91%     93.58% |       22613      3.05%     96.63% |       25011      3.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       741322                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |          57      1.99%      1.99% |          76      2.65%      4.64% |          68      2.37%      7.01% |          74      2.58%      9.60% |          58      2.02%     11.62% |          77      2.69%     14.31% |          72      2.51%     16.82% |          72      2.51%     19.33% |          71      2.48%     21.81% |          60      2.09%     23.90% |          90      3.14%     27.04% |          77      2.69%     29.73% |          96      3.35%     33.08% |          98      3.42%     36.50% |          98      3.42%     39.92% |          98      3.42%     43.34% |          81      2.83%     46.16% |          97      3.38%     49.55% |         105      3.66%     53.21% |         142      4.95%     58.16% |          84      2.93%     61.10% |          86      3.00%     64.10% |          97      3.38%     67.48% |         124      4.33%     71.81% |         127      4.43%     76.24% |         108      3.77%     80.01% |         131      4.57%     84.58% |         135      4.71%     89.29% |          66      2.30%     91.59% |          77      2.69%     94.28% |          76      2.65%     96.93% |          88      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total         2866                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX |          37      2.56%      2.56% |          52      3.60%      6.17% |          35      2.43%      8.59% |          43      2.98%     11.57% |          30      2.08%     13.65% |          40      2.77%     16.42% |          34      2.36%     18.78% |          40      2.77%     21.55% |          40      2.77%     24.32% |          31      2.15%     26.47% |          37      2.56%     29.04% |          64      4.44%     33.47% |          43      2.98%     36.45% |          45      3.12%     39.57% |          48      3.33%     42.90% |          50      3.47%     46.36% |          50      3.47%     49.83% |          40      2.77%     52.60% |          55      3.81%     56.41% |          59      4.09%     60.50% |          47      3.26%     63.76% |          49      3.40%     67.15% |          39      2.70%     69.85% |          51      3.53%     73.39% |          58      4.02%     77.41% |          75      5.20%     82.61% |          48      3.33%     85.93% |          56      3.88%     89.81% |          31      2.15%     91.96% |          52      3.60%     95.56% |          37      2.56%     98.13% |          27      1.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETX::total         1443                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE |           5      2.10%      2.10% |          14      5.88%      7.98% |           6      2.52%     10.50% |          10      4.20%     14.71% |           6      2.52%     17.23% |           6      2.52%     19.75% |          10      4.20%     23.95% |          10      4.20%     28.15% |           6      2.52%     30.67% |           7      2.94%     33.61% |           9      3.78%     37.39% |           3      1.26%     38.66% |           6      2.52%     41.18% |           7      2.94%     44.12% |          10      4.20%     48.32% |           8      3.36%     51.68% |           9      3.78%     55.46% |           6      2.52%     57.98% |           6      2.52%     60.50% |           5      2.10%     62.61% |           8      3.36%     65.97% |           6      2.52%     68.49% |           8      3.36%     71.85% |           6      2.52%     74.37% |           8      3.36%     77.73% |           9      3.78%     81.51% |           7      2.94%     84.45% |           5      2.10%     86.55% |           6      2.52%     89.08% |           9      3.78%     92.86% |           6      2.52%     95.38% |          11      4.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_UPGRADE::total          238                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |        6517      3.26%      3.26% |        6366      3.18%      6.44% |        6334      3.17%      9.60% |        6182      3.09%     12.69% |        6432      3.21%     15.91% |        6195      3.10%     19.00% |        6148      3.07%     22.08% |        6202      3.10%     25.18% |        6253      3.13%     28.30% |        6195      3.10%     31.40% |        6259      3.13%     34.53% |        6208      3.10%     37.63% |        6372      3.18%     40.81% |        6124      3.06%     43.87% |        6278      3.14%     47.01% |        6290      3.14%     50.16% |        6432      3.21%     53.37% |        6148      3.07%     56.44% |        6186      3.09%     59.53% |        6190      3.09%     62.63% |        6302      3.15%     65.78% |        6224      3.11%     68.89% |        6228      3.11%     72.00% |        6231      3.11%     75.12% |        6266      3.13%     78.25% |        6273      3.14%     81.38% |        6183      3.09%     84.47% |        6123      3.06%     87.53% |        6457      3.23%     90.76% |        6073      3.04%     93.79% |        6324      3.16%     96.96% |        6092      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total       200087                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         711      3.23%      3.23% |         698      3.17%      6.40% |         695      3.16%      9.56% |         682      3.10%     12.66% |         699      3.18%     15.84% |         697      3.17%     19.01% |         685      3.11%     22.12% |         672      3.05%     25.18% |         700      3.18%     28.36% |         683      3.10%     31.46% |         690      3.14%     34.60% |         690      3.14%     37.73% |         679      3.09%     40.82% |         664      3.02%     43.84% |         701      3.19%     47.03% |         687      3.12%     50.15% |         690      3.14%     53.28% |         682      3.10%     56.38% |         676      3.07%     59.46% |         680      3.09%     62.55% |         672      3.05%     65.60% |         667      3.03%     68.63% |         689      3.13%     71.76% |         678      3.08%     74.85% |         692      3.15%     77.99% |         689      3.13%     81.12% |         663      3.01%     84.14% |         686      3.12%     87.26% |         715      3.25%     90.50% |         698      3.17%     93.68% |         687      3.12%     96.80% |         704      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        22001                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          53      0.75%      0.75% |          80      1.13%      1.88% |         180      2.54%      4.42% |         249      3.51%      7.93% |         106      1.50%      9.42% |         238      3.36%     12.78% |         280      3.95%     16.73% |         309      4.36%     21.09% |         319      4.50%     25.59% |         231      3.26%     28.85% |         208      2.93%     31.79% |         259      3.65%     35.44% |         176      2.48%     37.92% |         261      3.68%     41.61% |         176      2.48%     44.09% |         121      1.71%     45.80% |         226      3.19%     48.98% |         275      3.88%     52.86% |         260      3.67%     56.53% |         256      3.61%     60.14% |         301      4.25%     64.39% |         203      2.86%     67.25% |         178      2.51%     69.77% |         195      2.75%     72.52% |         293      4.13%     76.65% |         179      2.53%     79.18% |         265      3.74%     82.91% |         251      3.54%     86.46% |         144      2.03%     88.49% |         339      4.78%     93.27% |         153      2.16%     95.43% |         324      4.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         7088                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |          50      0.76%      0.76% |          74      1.13%      1.89% |         168      2.56%      4.46% |         226      3.45%      7.90% |          96      1.46%      9.37% |         219      3.34%     12.71% |         256      3.91%     16.62% |         283      4.32%     20.94% |         299      4.56%     25.50% |         214      3.27%     28.77% |         186      2.84%     31.60% |         244      3.72%     35.33% |         167      2.55%     37.88% |         229      3.49%     41.37% |         161      2.46%     43.83% |         111      1.69%     45.52% |         212      3.24%     48.76% |         259      3.95%     52.71% |         237      3.62%     56.33% |         234      3.57%     59.90% |         270      4.12%     64.02% |         188      2.87%     66.89% |         159      2.43%     69.31% |         181      2.76%     72.07% |         277      4.23%     76.30% |         169      2.58%     78.88% |         244      3.72%     82.60% |         238      3.63%     86.24% |         132      2.01%     88.25% |         321      4.90%     93.15% |         141      2.15%     95.30% |         308      4.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total         6553                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           3      0.56%      0.56% |           6      1.12%      1.68% |          12      2.24%      3.93% |          23      4.30%      8.22% |          10      1.87%     10.09% |          19      3.55%     13.64% |          24      4.49%     18.13% |          26      4.86%     22.99% |          20      3.74%     26.73% |          17      3.18%     29.91% |          22      4.11%     34.02% |          15      2.80%     36.82% |           9      1.68%     38.50% |          32      5.98%     44.49% |          15      2.80%     47.29% |          10      1.87%     49.16% |          14      2.62%     51.78% |          16      2.99%     54.77% |          23      4.30%     59.07% |          22      4.11%     63.18% |          31      5.79%     68.97% |          15      2.80%     71.78% |          19      3.55%     75.33% |          14      2.62%     77.94% |          16      2.99%     80.93% |          10      1.87%     82.80% |          21      3.93%     86.73% |          13      2.43%     89.16% |          12      2.24%     91.40% |          18      3.36%     94.77% |          12      2.24%     97.01% |          16      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          535                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |          39      3.81%      3.81% |          28      2.74%      6.55% |          23      2.25%      8.80% |          32      3.13%     11.93% |          30      2.93%     14.86% |          40      3.91%     18.77% |          34      3.32%     22.09% |          25      2.44%     24.54% |          25      2.44%     26.98% |          38      3.71%     30.69% |          32      3.13%     33.82% |          34      3.32%     37.15% |          29      2.83%     39.98% |          36      3.52%     43.50% |          30      2.93%     46.43% |          38      3.71%     50.15% |          25      2.44%     52.59% |          41      4.01%     56.60% |          35      3.42%     60.02% |          19      1.86%     61.88% |          32      3.13%     65.00% |          33      3.23%     68.23% |          32      3.13%     71.36% |          28      2.74%     74.10% |          33      3.23%     77.32% |          24      2.35%     79.67% |          39      3.81%     83.48% |          36      3.52%     87.00% |          41      4.01%     91.01% |          37      3.62%     94.62% |          25      2.44%     97.07% |          30      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total         1023                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX |          11      2.64%      2.64% |           7      1.68%      4.33% |           5      1.20%      5.53% |          11      2.64%      8.17% |          11      2.64%     10.82% |          13      3.12%     13.94% |          10      2.40%     16.35% |          16      3.85%     20.19% |           6      1.44%     21.63% |          14      3.37%     25.00% |          13      3.12%     28.12% |          15      3.61%     31.73% |          16      3.85%     35.58% |           7      1.68%     37.26% |          14      3.37%     40.62% |          16      3.85%     44.47% |          14      3.37%     47.84% |          19      4.57%     52.40% |          11      2.64%     55.05% |          16      3.85%     58.89% |          16      3.85%     62.74% |          16      3.85%     66.59% |          12      2.88%     69.47% |          19      4.57%     74.04% |          15      3.61%     77.64% |           6      1.44%     79.09% |          21      5.05%     84.13% |          12      2.88%     87.02% |          22      5.29%     92.31% |           8      1.92%     94.23% |          16      3.85%     98.08% |           8      1.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETX::total          416                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE |           6      2.12%      2.12% |           7      2.47%      4.59% |          10      3.53%      8.13% |           5      1.77%      9.89% |          11      3.89%     13.78% |           6      2.12%     15.90% |           8      2.83%     18.73% |          10      3.53%     22.26% |          11      3.89%     26.15% |           9      3.18%     29.33% |           7      2.47%     31.80% |          12      4.24%     36.04% |          10      3.53%     39.58% |           4      1.41%     40.99% |           8      2.83%     43.82% |          12      4.24%     48.06% |           7      2.47%     50.53% |           6      2.12%     52.65% |          13      4.59%     57.24% |           7      2.47%     59.72% |           8      2.83%     62.54% |          12      4.24%     66.78% |          13      4.59%     71.38% |          11      3.89%     75.27% |          10      3.53%     78.80% |          12      4.24%     83.04% |           2      0.71%     83.75% |          14      4.95%     88.69% |          12      4.24%     92.93% |          10      3.53%     96.47% |           6      2.12%     98.59% |           4      1.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_UPGRADE::total          283                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        7228      3.25%      3.25% |        7064      3.18%      6.44% |        7029      3.16%      9.60% |        6864      3.09%     12.69% |        7131      3.21%     15.90% |        6892      3.10%     19.01% |        6833      3.08%     22.08% |        6874      3.10%     25.18% |        6953      3.13%     28.31% |        6878      3.10%     31.40% |        6949      3.13%     34.53% |        6898      3.11%     37.64% |        7051      3.17%     40.81% |        6788      3.06%     43.87% |        6979      3.14%     47.01% |        6977      3.14%     50.15% |        7122      3.21%     53.36% |        6830      3.08%     56.44% |        6862      3.09%     59.53% |        6870      3.09%     62.62% |        6974      3.14%     65.76% |        6891      3.10%     68.86% |        6917      3.11%     71.98% |        6909      3.11%     75.09% |        6958      3.13%     78.22% |        6962      3.13%     81.36% |        6846      3.08%     84.44% |        6809      3.07%     87.50% |        7172      3.23%     90.73% |        6771      3.05%     93.78% |        7011      3.16%     96.94% |        6796      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total       222088                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      807349     21.76%     21.76% |     1854779     50.00%     71.76% |      136228      3.67%     75.44% |      124028      3.34%     78.78% |      135885      3.66%     82.44% |      139704      3.77%     86.21% |      137641      3.71%     89.92% |      124755      3.36%     93.28% |      120576      3.25%     96.53% |      128613      3.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      3709558                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      807349     21.76%     21.76% |     1854779     50.00%     71.76% |      136228      3.67%     75.44% |      124028      3.34%     78.78% |      135885      3.66%     82.44% |      139704      3.77%     86.21% |      137641      3.71%     89.92% |      124755      3.36%     93.28% |      120576      3.25%     96.53% |      128613      3.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      3709558                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      807349     21.76%     21.76% |     1854779     50.00%     71.76% |      136228      3.67%     75.44% |      124028      3.34%     78.78% |      135885      3.66%     82.44% |      139704      3.77%     86.21% |      137641      3.71%     89.92% |      124755      3.36%     93.28% |      120576      3.25%     96.53% |      128613      3.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      3709558                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      807349     21.76%     21.76% |     1854779     50.00%     71.76% |      136228      3.67%     75.44% |      124028      3.34%     78.78% |      135885      3.66%     82.44% |      139704      3.77%     86.21% |      137641      3.71%     89.92% |      124755      3.36%     93.28% |      120576      3.25%     96.53% |      128613      3.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      3709558                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
