
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.130691                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                130691295000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5306859373500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  15990                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    27605                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               48926790                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3703264                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2671.16                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42711246                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      73738148                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21455296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21455296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     13550656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       13550656                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       335239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             335239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       211729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            211729                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164167751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164167751                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    103684457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           103684457                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    267852209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           267852209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     335239                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    211729                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   335239                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  211729                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21454336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               13550400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21455296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            13550656                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            21087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            21074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            21047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           21191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            13280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            13206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            13153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            13388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            13203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            13317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            13249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            13418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            13170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            13393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           13165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           13110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           13065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           13074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           13359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           13175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    98163                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2969                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 130690752500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               335239                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              211729                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 175736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   2467                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   1085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1248                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1807                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2107                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2166                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                101034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  37584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  38543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  39136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  39291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  39260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5468                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   6511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       153302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   228.326728                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.762417                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   188.772748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51891     33.85%     33.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30913     20.16%     54.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53336     34.79%     88.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6075      3.96%     92.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4059      2.65%     95.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2225      1.45%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1340      0.87%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          976      0.64%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2487      1.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       153302                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        37849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.855901                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.998029                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        37823     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           25      0.07%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        37849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        37849                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.593939                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.406715                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.888290                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34476     91.09%     91.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2229      5.89%     96.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          713      1.88%     98.86% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          431      1.14%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        37849                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 33756878561                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            40042328561                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1676120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   100699.47                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              119449.47                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      103.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   103.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  254614                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 139023                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    238936.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   71.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28042331500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    98279461500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              585582480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              573335280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              319514250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              312831750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1314315600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1300018200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            688266720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            683614080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49693540500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        49260954105                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        34819983000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        35199444750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          95956873590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          95865869205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          734.262605                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          733.566239                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20799296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20799296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12923584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       12923584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       324989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             324989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       201931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            201931                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159148289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159148289                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     98886341                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            98886341                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    258034630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           258034630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     324989                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    201931                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   324989                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  201931                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20798336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               12923520                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20799296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            12923584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            20059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           20018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           20084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            12613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            12779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            12597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            12718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            12630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            12795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            12558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            12771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           12553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           12500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           12462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           12462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           12703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           12574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    64076                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2719                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 130690471000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               324989                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              201931                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 171242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2711                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2835                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  3048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3250                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3427                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3397                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  3523                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  3613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  3665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 68096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  35812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  36823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  37190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  37376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  37600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   5935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       126922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   265.683554                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.301927                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.277666                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25520     20.11%     20.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        30016     23.65%     43.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53164     41.89%     85.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6137      4.84%     90.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4508      3.55%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2220      1.75%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1438      1.13%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1041      0.82%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2878      2.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       126922                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.993220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.231418                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36092     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           41      0.11%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        36135                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.588211                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.394753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.930495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32848     90.90%     90.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2120      5.87%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          708      1.96%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          459      1.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        36135                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 29206949652                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            35300212152                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1624870000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    89874.73                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              108624.73                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.14                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       98.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    98.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.24                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  255137                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 144838                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               71.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    248027.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.91                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28550089500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    97771714500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              487476360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              471985920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              265984125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              257532000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1275401400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1259005800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            656722080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            651654720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        49131915795                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        48191927085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        35312636250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        36137187750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          95665807050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          95504964315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          732.035362                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          730.804593                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20797376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20797376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12923968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       12923968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       324959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             324959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       201937                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            201937                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159133598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159133598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     98889280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            98889280                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    258022877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           258022877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     324959                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    201937                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   324959                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  201937                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20796416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               12923776                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20797376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            12923968                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            20056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           20034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           20077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            12663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            12612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            12542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            12596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            12702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            12638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            12794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            12542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            12777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           12550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           12514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           12468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           12455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           12707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           12587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    61283                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2304                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 130691205000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               324959                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              201937                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 171421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1745                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1955                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2208                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3356                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3349                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3436                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  3710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  3757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  3774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  3909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  4098                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 65564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  35873                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  36826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  37232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  37511                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  37679                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5590                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5903                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   5323                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       126642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   266.249238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.719318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.740177                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25582     20.20%     20.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29197     23.05%     43.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53727     42.42%     85.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6130      4.84%     90.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4468      3.53%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2148      1.70%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1414      1.12%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          966      0.76%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3010      2.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       126642                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.986558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.268979                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36111     99.88%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           42      0.12%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        36155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.585230                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.394024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.911091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32840     90.83%     90.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2161      5.98%     96.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          740      2.05%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          414      1.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        36155                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 29085721558                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            35178421558                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1624720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    89509.95                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              108259.95                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       98.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    98.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  255025                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 145204                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    248039.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   28404802750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    97916999750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              486236520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              471139200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              265307625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              257070000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1275089400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1259068200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            656644320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            651790800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48864142620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47936005920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        35547525000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        36361680000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          95630616525                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          95472425160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          731.766084                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          730.555603                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20776576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20776576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12923008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       12923008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       324634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             324634                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       201922                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            201922                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158974444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158974444                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     98881934                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            98881934                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    257856378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           257856378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     324634                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    201922                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   324634                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  201922                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20775744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               12922880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20776576                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            12923008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            20050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           20099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            12669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            12603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            12550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            12777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            12597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            12705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            12634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            12787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            12539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            12780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           12550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           12520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           12465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           12461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           12714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           12569                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    59168                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2253                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 130690478000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               324634                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              201922                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 170989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  3055                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3445                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3462                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3589                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  3676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  3757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  3740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  3683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  3945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  4068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 63337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  35848                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  36880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  37237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  37503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  37731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   5322                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       125830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   267.805134                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   208.618527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   195.427376                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        24639     19.58%     19.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        29213     23.22%     42.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        53868     42.81%     85.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6077      4.83%     90.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4442      3.53%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2206      1.75%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1447      1.15%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          996      0.79%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2942      2.34%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       125830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        36148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      8.980220                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.704677                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        36101     99.87%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           44      0.12%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        36148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        36148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.585925                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.394572                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.913952                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          32870     90.93%     90.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2112      5.84%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          751      2.08%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          415      1.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        36148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 28812725022                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            34899368772                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1623105000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    88758.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              107508.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       98.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    98.88                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.23                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  254779                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 145926                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               72.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    248198.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   76.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27932385500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4363840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    98389428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              481791240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              469415520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              262882125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              256129500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1273365600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1258272600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            656547120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            651764880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8535671040                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48637547100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47891835765                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        35746293000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        36400425750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          95594097225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          95463515055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          731.486638                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          730.487423                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1413                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5658                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4348                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              518000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              518588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              127088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1883500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               11834412                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 36.968351                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.440310                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                62.821934                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    11639122     98.35%     98.35% |      129472      1.09%     99.44% |       56520      0.48%     99.92% |        9024      0.08%    100.00% |         273      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 11834412                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31872206                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.114498                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.519890                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.796955                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29979729     94.06%     94.06% |     1296507      4.07%     98.13% |       23100      0.07%     98.20% |       26156      0.08%     98.28% |       23502      0.07%     98.36% |       34513      0.11%     98.47% |       53458      0.17%     98.63% |      137832      0.43%     99.07% |      297409      0.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31872206                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31872205                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              24.493243                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.873758                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            137.981064                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31720107     99.52%     99.52% |      132940      0.42%     99.94% |       13987      0.04%     99.98% |        3801      0.01%    100.00% |        1192      0.00%    100.00% |         161      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31872205                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29951741                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000181                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000156                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.013513                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29946317     99.98%     99.98% |        5421      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29951741                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1920464                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        359.701090                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       208.507310                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       443.170923                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1768366     92.08%     92.08% |      132940      6.92%     99.00% |       13987      0.73%     99.73% |        3801      0.20%     99.93% |        1192      0.06%     99.99% |         161      0.01%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1920464                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     7471104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    2359296                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         115747                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       115747                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          216                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          139                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          115                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          118                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     23036355                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1173395                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     24209750                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      6914089                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       125757                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7039846                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       330347                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        44946                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       120095                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2085470                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        70090                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           17                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           17                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        16217                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          157                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77667                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        15845                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        15993                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          162                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77662                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        15840                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          169                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77655                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        15909                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          153                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77671                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        16132                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          166                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77658                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        16989                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          167                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        77657                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        77824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        16402                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       125007                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       175884                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        17431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        40606                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        58037                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        17397                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        40653                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        58050                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        14315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        40613                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        54928                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        11255                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        40668                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        51923                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        40640                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        51348                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        11236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        40633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        51869                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9818                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        40573                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        50391                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        14129                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        40625                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        54754                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        12015                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        40634                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        52649                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        13091                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        40651                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        53742                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16819                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        40582                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        57401                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        12137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        40629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        52766                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        17062                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        40606                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        57668                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        26523                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        40682                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        67205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20989                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        40607                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        61596                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        40561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        56673                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16556                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        40660                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        57216                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        14586                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        40709                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        55295                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        15178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        40633                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        55811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        16459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        40564                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        57023                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        19043                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        40584                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        59627                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19807                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        40595                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        60402                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        15880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        40599                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        56479                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        40578                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        68561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        22508                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        40561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        63069                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        16570                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        40561                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        57131                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13170                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        40523                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        53693                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         9139                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        40580                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        49719                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        40585                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        49319                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14525                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        40650                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        55175                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        14457                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        40603                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        55060                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18626534                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18626534                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18888141                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18626534                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7763953                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7750226                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18626534                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.071262                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      7608103                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      7608103                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7830880                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7608103                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3554370                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3537887                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      7608103                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.029107                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      5816405                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      5816405                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6090477                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5816405                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2345088                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2320797                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      5816405                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.022252                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4848698                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4848698                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5106590                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4848698                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2025320                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2006462                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4848698                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.018550                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6737495                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6737495                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7018184                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6737495                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3195692                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3151615                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6737495                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.025776                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      6731790                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      6731790                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6996995                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6731790                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3119503                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3099566                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      6731790                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.025755                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      7580102                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      7580102                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7922633                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7580102                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2872483                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2846074                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      7580102                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.029000                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4956984                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4956984                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5280767                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4956984                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2032920                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2007912                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4956984                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.018964                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3297937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3297937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3442895                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3297937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1437083                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1419893                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3297937                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.012617                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      4516950                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      4516950                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4746716                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4516950                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2103659                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2076450                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      4516950                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.017281                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3145177                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3145177                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3241473                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3145177                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1270568                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1262581                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3145177                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012033                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2728049                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2728049                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2751796                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2728049                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1090158                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1089397                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2728049                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.010437                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      3794143                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      3794143                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3827106                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3794143                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1677669                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1676723                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      3794143                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014516                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2891008                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2891008                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2916668                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2891008                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1168405                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1167632                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2891008                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011060                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1689485                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1689485                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1714008                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1689485                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       658215                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       657249                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1689485                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006464                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2500570                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2500570                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2544817                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2500570                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       989003                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       986702                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2500570                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009567                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      3516103                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      3516103                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3566848                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3516103                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1299817                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1297175                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      3516103                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013452                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2671797                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2671797                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2728027                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2671797                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1025227                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1022025                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2671797                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010222                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      2666323                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      2666323                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2735728                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2666323                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1070440                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1065071                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      2666323                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010201                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1584594                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1584594                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1604404                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1584594                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       628459                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       627642                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1584594                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006062                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1451247                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1451247                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1455525                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1451247                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       633258                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       633179                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1451247                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005552                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2050368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2050368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2056103                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2050368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       956901                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       956304                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2050368                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007844                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      1703999                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      1703999                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1710893                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1703999                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       742767                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       742647                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      1703999                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006519                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1059680                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1059680                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1059680                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1059680                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433948                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433948                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1059680                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004054                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1394587                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1394587                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1399214                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1394587                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       581417                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       581331                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1394587                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005335                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1883102                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1883102                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1888975                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1883102                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       863005                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       862478                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1883102                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007204                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      1638807                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      1638807                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1645606                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1638807                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       702556                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       702455                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      1638807                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006270                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1061045                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1061045                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1061045                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1061045                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       431917                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       431917                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1061045                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004059                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      6135423                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      6135423                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6527508                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6135423                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2511033                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2499579                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      6135423                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.023473                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      6141345                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      6141345                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6438271                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6141345                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2486232                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2470629                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      6141345                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.023496                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      6268273                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      6268273                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6615499                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6268273                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2497055                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2482981                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      6268273                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.023981                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      6405656                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      6405656                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6730273                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6405656                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2585818                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2566972                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      6405656                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.024507                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     9839222     27.82%     27.82% |    23714309     67.05%     94.88% |     1812301      5.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     35365832                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     9839222     27.82%     27.82% |    23714309     67.05%     94.88% |     1812301      5.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     35365832                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   322267157                       |   577086004                       |    40212185                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   260728759                       |    95637719                       |     1812304                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.753317                       |   24.334928                       |   22.188469                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   26.498920                       |    4.032912                       |    1.000002                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.567036                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    10.127820                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         36.694856                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002117                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.046118      7.07%      7.07% |    0.045946      7.05%     14.12% |    0.045833      7.03%     21.14% |    0.045683      7.00%     28.15% |    0.109818     16.84%     44.99% |    0.107431     16.47%     61.46% |    0.109694     16.82%     78.28% |    0.107261     16.45%     94.73% |    0.008595      1.32%     96.04% |    0.008600      1.32%     97.36% |    0.008598      1.32%     98.68% |    0.008599      1.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.652177                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016152                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028940                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |    0.001173                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004934                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001881                       |    0.001966                       |    0.001980                       |    0.001899                       |    0.001810                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001936                       |    0.001927                       |    0.002001                       |    0.001930                       |    0.001862                       |    0.001845                       |    0.001859                       |    0.001825                       |    0.001925                       |    0.001876                       |    0.001903                       |    0.001988                       |    0.001995                       |    0.002213                       |    0.002083                       |    0.001971                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001939                       |    0.001952                       |    0.001974                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002050                       |    0.002237                       |    0.002113                       |    0.007689                       |    0.007452                       |    0.007452                       |    0.007444                       |    0.000092                       |           0                       |    0.000133                       |    0.000577                       |    0.000055                       |    0.000061                       |    0.000055                       |    0.000060                       |    0.000055                       |    0.000060                       |    0.000047                       |    0.000050                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002116                       |    0.000093                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002087                       |    0.001256                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002024                       |    0.000047                       |    0.002340                       |    0.004721                       |    0.001704                       |           0                       |    0.002147                       |    0.005708                       |           0                       |    0.005019                       |    0.008192                       |    0.002408                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001993                       |    0.000055                       |    0.004960                       |    0.003847                       |    0.009616                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002052                       |    0.000061                       |    0.007681                       |    0.004180                       |    0.002796                       |           0                       |    0.002163                       |    0.005479                       |           0                       |    0.008167                       |    0.004597                       |    0.003088                       |           0                       |    0.002036                       |           0                       |    0.003913                       |    0.002304                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.002096                       |           0                       |    0.001983                       |    0.001256                       |           0                       |    0.002263                       |           0                       |    0.001124                       |    0.002213                       |    0.002244                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002010                       |    0.000050                       |    0.002355                       |    0.004185                       |    0.004849                       |    0.002052                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002070                       |    0.000055                       |    0.004066                       |    0.008293                       |    0.006518                       |    0.002993                       |    0.029399                       |    0.004370                       |    0.000133                       |    0.003270                       |    0.013599                       |    0.016694                       |    0.003797                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002109                       |    0.000577                       |    0.003336                       |    0.005981                       |    0.013338                       |    0.003766                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001982                       |    0.000060                       |    0.005901                       |    0.004966                       |    0.007456                       |    0.003607                       |           0                       |    0.001965                       |           0                       |    0.001927                       |    0.003801                       |    0.003858                       |    0.002965                       |           0                       |    0.002051                       |           0                       |    0.001048                       |    0.001939                       |    0.002165                       |           0                       |    0.002161                       |           0                       |    0.000191                       |    0.002083                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |    0.002091                       |           0                       |    0.001922                       |    0.002191                       |    0.003864                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.002360                       |    0.005479                       |           0                       |    0.001712                       |    0.005006                       |    0.007495                       |    0.001928                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001910                       |    0.000055                       |    0.015139                       |    0.004943                       |    0.003157                       |    0.002016                       |    0.001781                       |    0.001911                       |    0.000060                       |    0.002074                       |    0.007476                       |    0.003691                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.002211                       |    0.005476                       |           0                       |    0.002395                       |    0.008116                       |    0.004298                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.001937                       |           0                       |    0.001073                       |    0.003798                       |    0.002152                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |    0.000151                       |    0.001952                       |    0.002086                       |           0                       |    0.002084                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001971                       |           0                       |    0.001964                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |           0                       |    0.003609                       |           0                       |    0.001928                       |           0                       |    0.002492                       |    0.000670                       |    0.004477                       |           0                       |    0.002016                       |           0                       |    0.007194                       |    0.002204                       |    0.002038                       |           0                       |    0.001972                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |    0.005034                       |    0.002325                       |           0                       |    0.002011                       |           0                       |    0.003854                       |    0.004336                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003962                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002086                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001974                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.652177                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         6742001                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      6742001                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       392140                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      4199207                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         3563596                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     84.863547                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          496963                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30340                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13665582                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              84176                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18899131                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            182131                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13749758                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19081262                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  32564713                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  266307                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              32831020                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              7047077                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9650                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          7056727                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   7047077                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9650                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               7056727                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                257635752                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     24244974                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               50656615                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             6742001                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      4060559                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             227796721                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908640                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       190361                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       427783                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3405                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       340520                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           7046403                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        217765                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3869                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    253603241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.360043                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.510850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        236671647     93.32%     93.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          2300095      0.91%     94.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1304012      0.51%     94.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1052394      0.41%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1854279      0.73%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1497951      0.59%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1152707      0.45%     96.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           741688      0.29%     97.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7028468      2.77%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    253603241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.026169                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.196621                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         12001954                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     228758355                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6897093                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5491512                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454320                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86679141                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454320                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         14329072                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       122706931                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     15555469                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9919874                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90637568                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84600435                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59559                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2127865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         514617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       87232049                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83706616                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     204435818                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    133467930                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           85                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      71473786                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12232817                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       389230                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       395076                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40190726                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7106064                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19276516                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       780965                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       590052                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82889014                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       480596                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87208056                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       320019                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9371951                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14508692                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       128998                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    253603241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.343876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.031379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    216603418     85.41%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14113803      5.57%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11421828      4.50%     95.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3571487      1.41%     96.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3338833      1.32%     98.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2317823      0.91%     99.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1394775      0.55%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       507153      0.20%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       334121      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    253603241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          135446     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         928738     76.10%     87.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        156281     12.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       574086      0.66%      0.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53544792     61.40%     62.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        56415      0.06%     62.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         51941      0.06%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13854007     15.89%     78.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19126815     21.93%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87208056                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.338494                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1220465                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013995                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    429559799                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92750528                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     78938991                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           38                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           12                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87854416                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              19                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1240957                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1340524                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2710                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         9245                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       752048                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1798                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7812999                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454320                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5082679                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     115437449                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83369610                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       128471                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7106064                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19276516                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       471584                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          73160                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     115296600                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         9245                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       137197                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       334971                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       472168                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86499387                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      13655076                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       443550                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             32575362                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5317437                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18920286                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.335743                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79055924                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              78939003                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          35244282                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          55630777                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.306398                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.633539                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9629899                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       351598                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       405777                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    252020548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.292588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.023608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    221229780     87.78%     87.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11354263      4.51%     92.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11521008      4.57%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3045198      1.21%     98.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1343261      0.53%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       494100      0.20%     98.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       674457      0.27%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       551862      0.22%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1806619      0.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    252020548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42711245                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       73738145                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               24290007                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5765539                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            4844655                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          73125142                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       411398                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       324044      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     49018231     66.48%     66.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        55125      0.07%     66.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50738      0.07%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5765539      7.82%     74.88% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18524468     25.12%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     73738145                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1806619                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333379628                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           168324729                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   86473                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4032511                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3746414                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42711245                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              73738145                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       6.032036                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 6.032036                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.165782                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.165782                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        138946955                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        54059589                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                12                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          27191776                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         22543367                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        43704514                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         389002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               1357294000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            1357294000.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       5502519                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        49.509371                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.967862                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       89.763383                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5307229     96.45%     96.45% |      129472      2.35%     98.80% |       56520      1.03%     99.83% |        9024      0.16%    100.00% |         273      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         5502519                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       6313863                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.080640                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.721965                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.903427                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     4356806     69.00%     69.00% |     1924385     30.48%     99.48% |       29267      0.46%     99.95% |        2976      0.05%     99.99% |         343      0.01%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         6313863                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18030                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.343816                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.024737                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.173313                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         619      3.43%      3.43% |        2078     11.53%     14.96% |        8191     45.43%     60.39% |        4256     23.61%     83.99% |        2836     15.73%     99.72% |          49      0.27%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18030                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5865227                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           69.331412                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.313165                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         262.153292                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5757460     98.16%     98.16% |       93480      1.59%     99.76% |       10274      0.18%     99.93% |        2937      0.05%     99.98% |         926      0.02%    100.00% |         134      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5865227                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5132829                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000699                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000603                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.026562                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5129251     99.93%     99.93% |        3575      0.07%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5132829                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       732398                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     534.193698                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    291.349819                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    550.845310                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      624631     85.29%     85.29% |       93480     12.76%     98.05% |       10274      1.40%     99.45% |        2937      0.40%     99.85% |         926      0.13%     99.98% |         134      0.02%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        732398                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         18672245                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           18.119720                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.774846                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          99.922491                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    18627952     99.76%     99.76% |       39427      0.21%     99.97% |        3708      0.02%     99.99% |         864      0.00%    100.00% |         266      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           18672245                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17638606                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000098                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000085                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.009906                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17636875     99.99%     99.99% |        1731      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17638606                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1033639                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     276.129579                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    190.265042                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    331.505327                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      989346     95.71%     95.71% |       39427      3.81%     99.53% |        3708      0.36%     99.89% |         864      0.08%     99.97% |         266      0.03%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1033639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      7039846                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.527861                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.178981                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      14.376040                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     7039522    100.00%    100.00% |         287      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        7039846                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      6914089                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000538                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6914087    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      6914089                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       125757                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    88.529251                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.903228                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    66.217989                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      125433     99.74%     99.74% |         287      0.23%     99.97% |          27      0.02%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       125757                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       293581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.915465                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.168693                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.677811                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      287276     97.85%     97.85% |        4936      1.68%     99.53% |        1114      0.38%     99.91% |         132      0.04%     99.96% |          65      0.02%     99.98% |          49      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       293581                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       264941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000427                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000368                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.020648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      264828     99.96%     99.96% |         113      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       264941                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28640                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   104.636837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.345285                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    77.541885                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       22335     77.99%     77.99% |        4936     17.23%     95.22% |        1114      3.89%     99.11% |         132      0.46%     99.57% |          65      0.23%     99.80% |          49      0.17%     99.97% |           8      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.422665                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.454469                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.799197                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          18      2.76%     98.16% |           7      1.07%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           2      0.31%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    77.500000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.646849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    57.754385                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     60.00%     60.00% |           7     23.33%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2      6.67%     90.00% |           3     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12713                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1305479                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        22107                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    62490                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    62886                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    62589                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    62817                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    62535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    62617                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    61266                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    61898                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  15366                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  14970                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  15267                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  15039                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  15321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  15239                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  16590                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  15958                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    25329                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    24764                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    25098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    24888                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    25269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    25080                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    26554                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    25794                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                77856                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  951841                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140368028919539                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140368028962527                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  918432                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  934725                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                31748537                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                31844739                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                31813474                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   59168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  18688                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                48195                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                48538                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                48433                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                48462                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                48180                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                48234                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                47229                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                47981                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              10973                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              10630                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              10735                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              10706                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              10988                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              10934                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              11939                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              11187                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               14295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               14348                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               14156                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               14355                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               14355                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               14383                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               14037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               13917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              4393                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              4340                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              4532                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              4333                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              4333                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              4305                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              4651                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              4771                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2541495                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2551468                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2550462                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2521902                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2527666                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2552265                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2608803                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2596663                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     768                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2378076                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               2388533                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2396927                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2361264                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2374001                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               2396375                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               2445766                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2433680                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             484096                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               821151                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               814828                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               802781                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               790766                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               807368                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               809920                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               826587                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               833705                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2378076                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          2388533                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2396927                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2361264                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2374001                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          2396375                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          2445766                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2433680                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        484096                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          821151                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          814828                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          802781                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          790766                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          807368                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          809920                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          826587                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          833705                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2480983                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2490956                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2489950                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2461390                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2467154                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2491753                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2548291                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2536151                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         258765308                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         258765304                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         258765310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         258765306                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         258765315                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         258765311                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         258765327                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         258765323                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2528744                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2521283                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2518408                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2498470                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2503470                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2530702                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2586673                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2575278                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1598                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1598                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1602                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1562                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1589                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1621                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1579                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              2734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2956                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              2723                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              2843                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              2452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2502                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              9953                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             11352                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             10003                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             11135                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             10045                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             11239                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              8287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              8913                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          343759                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          333573                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          360622                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          358618                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          345676                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          349237                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          386151                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          373566                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      335214     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.41% |      324959     24.81%     75.21% |      324634     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1309796                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      205913     25.93%     25.93% |      196109     24.69%     50.62% |      196112     24.69%     75.31% |      196095     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       794229                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      335239     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.41% |      324959     24.81%     75.22% |      324634     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1309821                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      211729     25.90%     25.90% |      201931     24.70%     50.60% |      201937     24.70%     75.30% |      201922     24.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       817519                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      121109     25.08%     25.08% |      120688     25.00%     50.08% |      120655     24.99%     75.07% |      120347     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       482799                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      335214     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.41% |      324959     24.81%     75.21% |      324634     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1309796                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5816     24.97%     24.97% |        5822     25.00%     49.97% |        5825     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      205676     25.92%     25.92% |      195931     24.69%     50.61% |      195937     24.69%     75.31% |      195922     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       793466                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      121109     25.08%     25.08% |      120688     25.00%     50.08% |      120655     24.99%     75.07% |      120347     24.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       482799                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      335214     25.59%     25.59% |      324989     24.81%     50.41% |      324959     24.81%     75.21% |      324634     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1309796                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      205676     25.92%     25.92% |      195931     24.69%     50.61% |      195937     24.69%     75.31% |      195922     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       793466                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          710                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         184     25.92%     25.92% |         178     25.07%     50.99% |         175     24.65%     75.63% |         173     24.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          710                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5397804     91.94%     91.94% |          17      0.00%     91.94% |       59146      1.01%     92.95% |       59150      1.01%     93.96% |       59147      1.01%     94.96% |       59146      1.01%     95.97% |       59146      1.01%     96.98% |       59151      1.01%     97.99% |       59146      1.01%     98.99% |       59145      1.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5870998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7039908    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      7039908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18821842     99.21%     99.21% |           0      0.00%     99.21% |       18688      0.10%     99.31% |       18688      0.10%     99.41% |       18688      0.10%     99.51% |       18688      0.10%     99.61% |       18688      0.10%     99.70% |       18688      0.10%     99.80% |       18688      0.10%     99.90% |       18688      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     18971346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17962     99.78%     99.78% |          17      0.09%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |          10      0.06%     99.93% |           1      0.01%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |          11      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1297094     67.75%     67.75% |           0      0.00%     67.75% |       77162      4.03%     71.78% |       77172      4.03%     75.82% |       77167      4.03%     79.85% |       77164      4.03%     83.88% |       77154      4.03%     87.91% |       77175      4.03%     91.94% |       77159      4.03%     95.97% |       77176      4.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1914423                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          16     59.26%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           9     33.33%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           0      0.00%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      260138     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58974      8.06%     43.60% |       58980      8.06%     51.66% |       58976      8.06%     59.71% |       58974      8.06%     67.77% |       58972      8.06%     75.83% |       58984      8.06%     83.89% |       58974      8.06%     91.94% |       58962      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       731935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     59.26%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |          10     37.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1038992     87.42%     87.42% |           0      0.00%     87.42% |       18688      1.57%     88.99% |       18687      1.57%     90.57% |       18687      1.57%     92.14% |       18687      1.57%     93.71% |       18683      1.57%     95.28% |       18687      1.57%     96.86% |       18684      1.57%     98.43% |       18685      1.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1188480                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1170609     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77150      4.32%     69.79% |       77155      4.32%     74.11% |       77151      4.32%     78.42% |       77138      4.31%     82.74% |       77142      4.31%     87.05% |       77159      4.32%     91.37% |       77146      4.32%     95.69% |       77134      4.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1787784                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      259968     35.52%     35.52% |          17      0.00%     35.53% |       58974      8.06%     43.59% |       58980      8.06%     51.65% |       58976      8.06%     59.70% |       58975      8.06%     67.76% |       58972      8.06%     75.82% |       58984      8.06%     83.88% |       58974      8.06%     91.94% |       58972      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       731792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122048    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      912765     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18687      1.76%     89.45% |       18687      1.76%     91.20% |       18687      1.76%     92.96% |       18683      1.76%     94.72% |       18687      1.76%     96.48% |       18684      1.76%     98.24% |       18685      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1062253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11060     99.80%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |          10      0.09%     99.89% |           1      0.01%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |          11      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11082                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3709    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3709                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1659     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           2      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        7199    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         7199                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     6914089    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      6914089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4654     99.66%     99.66% |          16      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         4670                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      121489     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          10      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |          11      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       121511                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2533116     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |         162      0.01%     99.96% |         156      0.01%     99.96% |         160      0.01%     99.97% |         161      0.01%     99.97% |         164      0.01%     99.98% |         152      0.01%     99.99% |         162      0.01%     99.99% |         164      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2534397                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       63128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        63128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1985     99.95%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      194947     29.37%     29.37% |           0      0.00%     29.37% |       58608      8.83%     38.19% |       58625      8.83%     47.03% |       58618      8.83%     55.86% |       58599      8.83%     64.68% |       58605      8.83%     73.51% |       58620      8.83%     82.34% |       58624      8.83%     91.17% |       58611      8.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       663857                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     81.82%     81.82% |           1      9.09%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2591233    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2591233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    17841679    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     17841695                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         263    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          263                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      975662     86.81%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |       18542      1.65%     88.46% |       18530      1.65%     90.11% |       18533      1.65%     91.76% |       18539      1.65%     93.41% |       18537      1.65%     95.05% |       18539      1.65%     96.70% |       18522      1.65%     98.35% |       18523      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1123927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |        3302     96.21%     96.21% |           0      0.00%     96.21% |          12      0.35%     96.56% |          17      0.50%     97.06% |          16      0.47%     97.52% |          14      0.41%     97.93% |          11      0.32%     98.25% |          16      0.47%     98.72% |          13      0.38%     99.10% |          31      0.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         3432                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      260138     35.54%     35.54% |           1      0.00%     35.54% |       58974      8.06%     43.60% |       58980      8.06%     51.66% |       58976      8.06%     59.71% |       58974      8.06%     67.77% |       58972      8.06%     75.83% |       58984      8.06%     83.89% |       58974      8.06%     91.94% |       58962      8.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       731935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16     59.26%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           0      0.00%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |           0      0.00%     62.96% |          10     37.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126193    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126193                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      912799     85.93%     85.93% |           0      0.00%     85.93% |       18688      1.76%     87.69% |       18687      1.76%     89.45% |       18687      1.76%     91.21% |       18687      1.76%     92.96% |       18683      1.76%     94.72% |       18687      1.76%     96.48% |       18684      1.76%     98.24% |       18685      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1062287                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        5682     98.46%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |          10      0.17%     98.63% |          14      0.24%     98.87% |          11      0.19%     99.06% |          10      0.17%     99.24% |          10      0.17%     99.41% |          15      0.26%     99.67% |          10      0.17%     99.84% |           9      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         5771                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          62    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           62                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        4214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         4214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1170609     65.48%     65.48% |           0      0.00%     65.48% |       77150      4.32%     69.79% |       77155      4.32%     74.11% |       77151      4.32%     78.42% |       77138      4.31%     82.74% |       77142      4.31%     87.05% |       77159      4.32%     91.37% |       77146      4.32%     95.69% |       77134      4.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1787784                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3885      3.09%      3.09% |        3726      2.96%      6.05% |        3463      2.75%      8.80% |        3453      2.74%     11.55% |        3612      2.87%     14.42% |        4090      3.25%     17.67% |        3748      2.98%     20.65% |        3353      2.67%     23.32% |        3618      2.88%     26.19% |        5234      4.16%     30.35% |        3966      3.15%     33.51% |        3884      3.09%     36.59% |        3617      2.88%     39.47% |        4422      3.52%     42.98% |        3942      3.13%     46.12% |        3767      2.99%     49.11% |        4173      3.32%     52.43% |        4268      3.39%     55.82% |        3773      3.00%     58.82% |        3367      2.68%     61.50% |        3138      2.49%     63.99% |        3800      3.02%     67.01% |        3588      2.85%     69.87% |        3421      2.72%     72.59% |        3732      2.97%     75.55% |        3846      3.06%     78.61% |        3296      2.62%     81.23% |        4704      3.74%     84.97% |        4110      3.27%     88.24% |        5238      4.16%     92.40% |        5092      4.05%     96.45% |        4468      3.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       125794                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      114296     15.61%     15.61% |       20772      2.84%     18.44% |       18698      2.55%     20.99% |       21407      2.92%     23.92% |       20935      2.86%     26.78% |       19806      2.70%     29.48% |       18241      2.49%     31.97% |       18197      2.48%     34.45% |       20758      2.83%     37.29% |       19043      2.60%     39.89% |       22385      3.06%     42.94% |       20506      2.80%     45.74% |       19013      2.60%     48.34% |       18493      2.52%     50.87% |       18191      2.48%     53.35% |       18192      2.48%     55.83% |       20276      2.77%     58.60% |       18685      2.55%     61.15% |       18867      2.58%     63.73% |       19910      2.72%     66.45% |       19862      2.71%     69.16% |       26171      3.57%     72.73% |       23096      3.15%     75.89% |       19556      2.67%     78.56% |       19492      2.66%     81.22% |       18932      2.58%     83.80% |       18459      2.52%     86.32% |       18174      2.48%     88.80% |       20089      2.74%     91.55% |       19389      2.65%     94.19% |       21157      2.89%     97.08% |       21375      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       732423                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       57704      5.43%      5.43% |       33541      3.16%      8.59% |       30603      2.88%     11.47% |       31618      2.98%     14.45% |       32584      3.07%     17.51% |       29797      2.80%     20.32% |       27738      2.61%     22.93% |       27778      2.61%     25.54% |       30799      2.90%     28.44% |       30783      2.90%     31.34% |       31702      2.98%     34.33% |       30537      2.87%     37.20% |       29293      2.76%     39.96% |       28433      2.68%     42.63% |       29734      2.80%     45.43% |       28432      2.68%     48.11% |       30306      2.85%     50.96% |       29696      2.80%     53.76% |       31097      2.93%     56.69% |       34121      3.21%     59.90% |       34675      3.26%     63.16% |       37255      3.51%     66.67% |       34914      3.29%     69.96% |       33699      3.17%     73.13% |       33991      3.20%     76.33% |       32517      3.06%     79.39% |       34056      3.21%     82.59% |       34145      3.21%     85.81% |       35433      3.34%     89.14% |       35778      3.37%     92.51% |       42320      3.98%     96.50% |       37226      3.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1062305                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      171663      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49323      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51353      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.84% |       53860      3.01%     37.85% |       50842      2.84%     40.69% |       48106      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47694      2.67%     48.67% |       46422      2.60%     51.26% |       50379      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53822      3.01%     62.57% |       54320      3.04%     65.60% |       63151      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53036      2.97%     75.34% |       53276      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58398      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1787791                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       34203      4.31%      4.31% |       24469      3.08%      7.40% |       24487      3.09%     10.48% |       24480      3.09%     13.57% |       24469      3.08%     16.65% |       24469      3.08%     19.74% |       24473      3.09%     22.82% |       24475      3.09%     25.91% |       24493      3.09%     29.00% |       24495      3.09%     32.08% |       24495      3.09%     35.17% |       24502      3.09%     38.26% |       24482      3.09%     41.35% |       24489      3.09%     44.43% |       24486      3.09%     47.52% |       24480      3.09%     50.61% |       24506      3.09%     53.69% |       24492      3.09%     56.78% |       24499      3.09%     59.87% |       24495      3.09%     62.96% |       24482      3.09%     66.04% |       24501      3.09%     69.13% |       24492      3.09%     72.22% |       24484      3.09%     75.31% |       24500      3.09%     78.39% |       24496      3.09%     81.48% |       24489      3.09%     84.57% |       24483      3.09%     87.66% |       24487      3.09%     90.74% |       24471      3.08%     93.83% |       24480      3.09%     96.91% |       24484      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       793288                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       15549      3.22%      3.22% |       15089      3.12%      6.34% |       15095      3.13%      9.47% |       15072      3.12%     12.59% |       15046      3.12%     15.70% |       15009      3.11%     18.81% |       15060      3.12%     21.93% |       15063      3.12%     25.05% |       15110      3.13%     28.18% |       15061      3.12%     31.30% |       15112      3.13%     34.43% |       15065      3.12%     37.54% |       15140      3.13%     40.68% |       15105      3.13%     43.81% |       15101      3.13%     46.93% |       15047      3.12%     50.05% |       15073      3.12%     53.17% |       15095      3.13%     56.30% |       15105      3.13%     59.42% |       15041      3.11%     62.54% |       15078      3.12%     65.66% |       15134      3.13%     68.79% |       15069      3.12%     71.91% |       15032      3.11%     75.02% |       15115      3.13%     78.15% |       15166      3.14%     81.29% |       15098      3.13%     84.42% |       15036      3.11%     87.53% |       15052      3.12%     90.65% |       15078      3.12%     93.77% |       15051      3.12%     96.89% |       15030      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       482977                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       50864      3.88%      3.88% |       40606      3.10%      6.98% |       40628      3.10%     10.09% |       40598      3.10%     13.18% |       40560      3.10%     16.28% |       40523      3.09%     19.38% |       40579      3.10%     22.47% |       40584      3.10%     25.57% |       40649      3.10%     28.68% |       40602      3.10%     31.78% |       40652      3.10%     34.88% |       40612      3.10%     37.98% |       40667      3.10%     41.08% |       40639      3.10%     44.19% |       40632      3.10%     47.29% |       40572      3.10%     50.39% |       40624      3.10%     53.49% |       40633      3.10%     56.59% |       40650      3.10%     59.69% |       40582      3.10%     62.79% |       40606      3.10%     65.89% |       40682      3.11%     69.00% |       40607      3.10%     72.10% |       40561      3.10%     75.20% |       40660      3.10%     78.30% |       40709      3.11%     81.41% |       40633      3.10%     84.51% |       40564      3.10%     87.61% |       40584      3.10%     90.71% |       40595      3.10%     93.81% |       40578      3.10%     96.90% |       40561      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1309796                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       49840      3.90%      3.90% |       39582      3.10%      7.00% |       39604      3.10%     10.10% |       39574      3.10%     13.20% |       39536      3.10%     16.30% |       39499      3.09%     19.39% |       39555      3.10%     22.49% |       39560      3.10%     25.59% |       39625      3.10%     28.69% |       39578      3.10%     31.79% |       39628      3.10%     34.89% |       39588      3.10%     37.99% |       39643      3.10%     41.10% |       39615      3.10%     44.20% |       39608      3.10%     47.30% |       39548      3.10%     50.40% |       39600      3.10%     53.50% |       39609      3.10%     56.60% |       39626      3.10%     59.70% |       39558      3.10%     62.80% |       39582      3.10%     65.90% |       39658      3.11%     69.01% |       39583      3.10%     72.10% |       39537      3.10%     75.20% |       39636      3.10%     78.30% |       39685      3.11%     81.41% |       39609      3.10%     84.51% |       39540      3.10%     87.61% |       39560      3.10%     90.71% |       39571      3.10%     93.81% |       39554      3.10%     96.90% |       39537      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1277028                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          57     20.43%     20.43% |           6      2.15%     22.58% |           9      3.23%     25.81% |           6      2.15%     27.96% |           7      2.51%     30.47% |           3      1.08%     31.54% |           4      1.43%     32.97% |           6      2.15%     35.13% |           6      2.15%     37.28% |           5      1.79%     39.07% |           8      2.87%     41.94% |           5      1.79%     43.73% |           7      2.51%     46.24% |           4      1.43%     47.67% |           5      1.79%     49.46% |           5      1.79%     51.25% |           5      1.79%     53.05% |           6      2.15%     55.20% |           9      3.23%     58.42% |           8      2.87%     61.29% |          23      8.24%     69.53% |          23      8.24%     77.78% |           5      1.79%     79.57% |           6      2.15%     81.72% |           6      2.15%     83.87% |           5      1.79%     85.66% |           6      2.15%     87.81% |           7      2.51%     90.32% |           8      2.87%     93.19% |           7      2.51%     95.70% |           7      2.51%     98.21% |           5      1.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          279                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          11     40.74%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           1      3.70%     44.44% |           1      3.70%     48.15% |           1      3.70%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           1      3.70%     55.56% |           1      3.70%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           1      3.70%     66.67% |           1      3.70%     70.37% |           1      3.70%     74.07% |           1      3.70%     77.78% |           1      3.70%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           1      3.70%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         586      3.31%      3.31% |         515      2.91%      6.22% |         496      2.80%      9.02% |         508      2.87%     11.89% |         503      2.84%     14.73% |         491      2.77%     17.50% |         537      3.03%     20.53% |         548      3.09%     23.62% |         569      3.21%     26.84% |         507      2.86%     29.70% |         562      3.17%     32.87% |         561      3.17%     36.04% |         610      3.44%     39.48% |         583      3.29%     42.78% |         573      3.24%     46.01% |         555      3.13%     49.14% |         572      3.23%     52.37% |         593      3.35%     55.72% |         585      3.30%     59.03% |         536      3.03%     62.05% |         527      2.98%     65.03% |         612      3.46%     68.48% |         555      3.13%     71.62% |         527      2.98%     74.59% |         586      3.31%     77.90% |         642      3.62%     81.53% |         586      3.31%     84.83% |         537      3.03%     87.87% |         517      2.92%     90.79% |         567      3.20%     93.99% |         542      3.06%     97.05% |         523      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17711                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          11     40.74%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           1      3.70%     44.44% |           1      3.70%     48.15% |           1      3.70%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           1      3.70%     55.56% |           1      3.70%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           1      3.70%     66.67% |           1      3.70%     70.37% |           1      3.70%     74.07% |           1      3.70%     77.78% |           1      3.70%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           1      3.70%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      171931      9.58%      9.58% |       54290      3.03%     12.61% |       49289      2.75%     15.36% |       52998      2.95%     18.31% |       53508      2.98%     21.29% |       49517      2.76%     24.05% |       45961      2.56%     26.61% |       45967      2.56%     29.17% |       51552      2.87%     32.05% |       49825      2.78%     34.82% |       54070      3.01%     37.84% |       51038      2.84%     40.68% |       48302      2.69%     43.37% |       46921      2.62%     45.99% |       47892      2.67%     48.66% |       46620      2.60%     51.26% |       50572      2.82%     54.08% |       48375      2.70%     56.77% |       49906      2.78%     59.55% |       54016      3.01%     62.56% |       54530      3.04%     65.60% |       63397      3.53%     69.14% |       58005      3.23%     72.37% |       53247      2.97%     75.34% |       53477      2.98%     78.32% |       51449      2.87%     81.18% |       52514      2.93%     84.11% |       52316      2.92%     87.03% |       55521      3.09%     90.12% |       55167      3.07%     93.20% |       63472      3.54%     96.73% |       58599      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794244                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         176     11.53%     11.53% |          48      3.15%     14.68% |          44      2.88%     17.56% |          44      2.88%     20.45% |          42      2.75%     23.20% |          42      2.75%     25.95% |          44      2.88%     28.83% |          44      2.88%     31.72% |          44      2.88%     34.60% |          44      2.88%     37.48% |          42      2.75%     40.24% |          42      2.75%     42.99% |          42      2.75%     45.74% |          42      2.75%     48.49% |          42      2.75%     51.25% |          42      2.75%     54.00% |          42      2.75%     56.75% |          44      2.88%     59.63% |          44      2.88%     62.52% |          44      2.88%     65.40% |          44      2.88%     68.28% |          46      3.01%     71.30% |          44      2.88%     74.18% |          42      2.75%     76.93% |          42      2.75%     79.69% |          46      3.01%     82.70% |          44      2.88%     85.58% |          42      2.75%     88.34% |          42      2.75%     91.09% |          44      2.88%     93.97% |          46      3.01%     96.99% |          46      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1526                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         473      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         478      3.05%     71.59% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         518      3.30%     77.77% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         479      3.05%     87.83% |         457      2.91%     90.74% |         511      3.26%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       25588      5.07%      5.07% |       15487      3.07%      8.14% |       15516      3.08%     11.22% |       15470      3.07%     14.29% |       15440      3.06%     17.35% |       15419      3.06%     20.40% |       15432      3.06%     23.46% |       15427      3.06%     26.52% |       15463      3.07%     29.59% |       15477      3.07%     32.66% |       15502      3.07%     35.73% |       15427      3.06%     38.79% |       15442      3.06%     41.85% |       15445      3.06%     44.91% |       15453      3.06%     47.98% |       15418      3.06%     51.03% |       15426      3.06%     54.09% |       15421      3.06%     57.15% |       15444      3.06%     60.21% |       15424      3.06%     63.27% |       15445      3.06%     66.33% |       15460      3.07%     69.40% |       15459      3.06%     72.46% |       15436      3.06%     75.52% |       15456      3.06%     78.59% |       15451      3.06%     81.65% |       15428      3.06%     84.71% |       15415      3.06%     87.76% |       15456      3.06%     90.83% |       15412      3.06%     93.88% |       15410      3.06%     96.94% |       15439      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       504388                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       24773      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.51% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24699      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       789720                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3378      3.07%      3.07% |        3264      2.97%      6.04% |        3018      2.74%      8.78% |        2999      2.73%     11.51% |        3160      2.87%     14.39% |        3655      3.32%     17.71% |        3264      2.97%     20.68% |        2852      2.59%     23.27% |        3112      2.83%     26.10% |        4788      4.35%     30.45% |        3477      3.16%     33.62% |        3383      3.08%     36.69% |        3061      2.78%     39.48% |        3899      3.55%     43.02% |        3428      3.12%     46.14% |        3275      2.98%     49.12% |        3658      3.33%     52.44% |        3734      3.40%     55.84% |        3233      2.94%     58.78% |        2878      2.62%     61.40% |        2662      2.42%     63.82% |        3276      2.98%     66.80% |        3108      2.83%     69.62% |        2968      2.70%     72.32% |        3210      2.92%     75.24% |        3265      2.97%     78.21% |        2771      2.52%     80.73% |        4223      3.84%     84.57% |        3638      3.31%     87.88% |        4723      4.29%     92.17% |        4595      4.18%     96.35% |        4012      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       109967                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          57     13.07%     13.07% |          21      4.82%     17.89% |          13      2.98%     20.87% |          27      6.19%     27.06% |          10      2.29%     29.36% |          86     19.72%     49.08% |          17      3.90%     52.98% |           7      1.61%     54.59% |           4      0.92%     55.50% |           0      0.00%     55.50% |          13      2.98%     58.49% |           5      1.15%     59.63% |           3      0.69%     60.32% |           4      0.92%     61.24% |          34      7.80%     69.04% |           3      0.69%     69.72% |           8      1.83%     71.56% |           5      1.15%     72.71% |          62     14.22%     86.93% |          18      4.13%     91.06% |           0      0.00%     91.06% |           8      1.83%     92.89% |           3      0.69%     93.58% |           5      1.15%     94.72% |           7      1.61%     96.33% |           0      0.00%     96.33% |           1      0.23%     96.56% |           3      0.69%     97.25% |           5      1.15%     98.39% |           0      0.00%     98.39% |           5      1.15%     99.54% |           2      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          436                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      3.85%      3.85% |           4     15.38%     19.23% |           3     11.54%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      3.85%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           6     23.08%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           2      7.69%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           0      0.00%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           1      4.55%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           0      0.00%     18.18% |           1      4.55%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           0      0.00%     22.73% |           2      9.09%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           0      0.00%     31.82% |           5     22.73%     54.55% |           4     18.18%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     18.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         514      3.28%      3.28% |         455      2.90%      6.17% |         438      2.79%      8.97% |         449      2.86%     11.83% |         451      2.87%     14.70% |         432      2.75%     17.45% |         472      3.01%     20.46% |         490      3.12%     23.58% |         504      3.21%     26.80% |         442      2.82%     29.61% |         488      3.11%     32.72% |         499      3.18%     35.90% |         549      3.50%     39.40% |         522      3.33%     42.73% |         509      3.24%     45.97% |         490      3.12%     49.09% |         513      3.27%     52.36% |         532      3.39%     55.75% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         480      3.06%     62.18% |         473      3.01%     65.19% |         524      3.34%     68.53% |         479      3.05%     71.59% |         452      2.88%     74.47% |         521      3.32%     77.79% |         579      3.69%     81.48% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         455      2.90%     90.76% |         510      3.25%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15693                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      3.92%      3.92% |           8      7.84%     11.76% |           7      6.86%     18.63% |           5      4.90%     23.53% |           2      1.96%     25.49% |           5      4.90%     30.39% |           4      3.92%     34.31% |           1      0.98%     35.29% |           1      0.98%     36.27% |           1      0.98%     37.25% |           2      1.96%     39.22% |           3      2.94%     42.16% |           5      4.90%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           0      0.00%     50.98% |           2      1.96%     52.94% |          11     10.78%     63.73% |           6      5.88%     69.61% |           3      2.94%     72.55% |           1      0.98%     73.53% |           2      1.96%     75.49% |           2      1.96%     77.45% |           4      3.92%     81.37% |           3      2.94%     84.31% |           3      2.94%     87.25% |           2      1.96%     89.22% |           6      5.88%     95.10% |           1      0.98%     96.08% |           2      1.96%     98.04% |           2      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88639     38.95%     38.95% |        5262      2.31%     41.27% |        3168      1.39%     42.66% |        5909      2.60%     45.26% |        5484      2.41%     47.67% |        4301      1.89%     49.56% |        2791      1.23%     50.78% |        2762      1.21%     52.00% |        5290      2.32%     54.32% |        3565      1.57%     55.89% |        6866      3.02%     58.91% |        5073      2.23%     61.13% |        3567      1.57%     62.70% |        3043      1.34%     64.04% |        2703      1.19%     65.23% |        2770      1.22%     66.44% |        4840      2.13%     68.57% |        3258      1.43%     70.00% |        3360      1.48%     71.48% |        4467      1.96%     73.44% |        4417      1.94%     75.38% |       10692      4.70%     80.08% |        7632      3.35%     83.44% |        4112      1.81%     85.24% |        4029      1.77%     87.01% |        3481      1.53%     88.54% |        3029      1.33%     89.88% |        2756      1.21%     91.09% |        4628      2.03%     93.12% |        3977      1.75%     94.87% |        5742      2.52%     97.39% |        5934      2.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       227547                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       32927     12.08%     12.08% |        8872      3.26%     15.34% |        5926      2.17%     17.51% |        6937      2.55%     20.06% |        7914      2.90%     22.96% |        5123      1.88%     24.84% |        3063      1.12%     25.96% |        3112      1.14%     27.11% |        6117      2.24%     29.35% |        6102      2.24%     31.59% |        7039      2.58%     34.17% |        5850      2.15%     36.32% |        4613      1.69%     38.01% |        3762      1.38%     39.39% |        5065      1.86%     41.25% |        3770      1.38%     42.63% |        5623      2.06%     44.70% |        5016      1.84%     46.54% |        6418      2.35%     48.89% |        9445      3.47%     52.36% |        9979      3.66%     56.02% |       12546      4.60%     60.62% |       10244      3.76%     64.38% |        9025      3.31%     67.69% |        9305      3.41%     71.11% |        7836      2.88%     73.98% |        9373      3.44%     77.42% |        9474      3.48%     80.90% |       10761      3.95%     84.85% |       11106      4.08%     88.92% |       17638      6.47%     95.39% |       12558      4.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       272539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       34201      4.31%      4.31% |       24465      3.08%      7.40% |       24481      3.09%     10.48% |       24476      3.09%     13.57% |       24467      3.08%     16.65% |       24462      3.08%     19.74% |       24468      3.08%     22.82% |       24474      3.09%     25.91% |       24492      3.09%     28.99% |       24493      3.09%     32.08% |       24491      3.09%     35.17% |       24500      3.09%     38.26% |       24479      3.09%     41.34% |       24488      3.09%     44.43% |       24484      3.09%     47.52% |       24479      3.09%     50.61% |       24505      3.09%     53.69% |       24491      3.09%     56.78% |       24495      3.09%     59.87% |       24494      3.09%     62.96% |       24479      3.09%     66.04% |       24496      3.09%     69.13% |       24488      3.09%     72.22% |       24482      3.09%     75.31% |       24499      3.09%     78.39% |       24493      3.09%     81.48% |       24488      3.09%     84.57% |       24481      3.09%     87.66% |       24483      3.09%     90.74% |       24468      3.08%     93.83% |       24478      3.09%     96.91% |       24482      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       793202                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14962      3.22%      3.22% |       14572      3.13%      6.35% |       14597      3.14%      9.49% |       14563      3.13%     12.62% |       14539      3.13%     15.74% |       14522      3.12%     18.87% |       14525      3.12%     21.99% |       14511      3.12%     25.11% |       14537      3.13%     28.23% |       14552      3.13%     31.36% |       14547      3.13%     34.49% |       14502      3.12%     37.61% |       14527      3.12%     40.73% |       14520      3.12%     43.85% |       14526      3.12%     46.98% |       14489      3.11%     50.09% |       14498      3.12%     53.21% |       14498      3.12%     56.32% |       14516      3.12%     59.44% |       14498      3.12%     62.56% |       14531      3.12%     65.69% |       14504      3.12%     68.80% |       14513      3.12%     71.92% |       14501      3.12%     75.04% |       14524      3.12%     78.16% |       14522      3.12%     81.29% |       14507      3.12%     84.40% |       14494      3.12%     87.52% |       14531      3.12%     90.64% |       14507      3.12%     93.76% |       14504      3.12%     96.88% |       14504      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       465143                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          11     40.74%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           1      3.70%     44.44% |           1      3.70%     48.15% |           1      3.70%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           1      3.70%     55.56% |           1      3.70%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           1      3.70%     66.67% |           1      3.70%     70.37% |           1      3.70%     74.07% |           1      3.70%     77.78% |           1      3.70%     81.48% |           1      3.70%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           1      3.70%     92.59% |           1      3.70%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      171656      9.60%      9.60% |       54095      3.03%     12.63% |       49093      2.75%     15.37% |       52804      2.95%     18.33% |       53317      2.98%     21.31% |       49323      2.76%     24.07% |       45765      2.56%     26.63% |       45774      2.56%     29.19% |       51353      2.87%     32.06% |       49628      2.78%     34.84% |       53860      3.01%     37.85% |       50842      2.84%     40.69% |       48106      2.69%     43.38% |       46726      2.61%     46.00% |       47694      2.67%     48.67% |       46422      2.60%     51.26% |       50379      2.82%     54.08% |       48179      2.69%     56.78% |       49712      2.78%     59.56% |       53822      3.01%     62.57% |       54320      3.04%     65.60% |       63151      3.53%     69.14% |       57792      3.23%     72.37% |       53036      2.97%     75.34% |       53276      2.98%     78.32% |       51253      2.87%     81.18% |       52316      2.93%     84.11% |       52119      2.92%     87.02% |       55322      3.09%     90.12% |       54973      3.07%     93.19% |       63278      3.54%     96.73% |       58398      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1787784                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1      1.85%      1.85% |           2      3.70%      5.56% |           4      7.41%     12.96% |           2      3.70%     16.67% |           1      1.85%     18.52% |           5      9.26%     27.78% |           2      3.70%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           0      0.00%     31.48% |           3      5.56%     37.04% |           1      1.85%     38.89% |           1      1.85%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           2      3.70%     44.44% |           1      1.85%     46.30% |           2      3.70%     50.00% |           5      9.26%     59.26% |           4      7.41%     66.67% |           2      3.70%     70.37% |           1      1.85%     72.22% |           2      3.70%     75.93% |           1      1.85%     77.78% |           2      3.70%     81.48% |           4      7.41%     88.89% |           3      5.56%     94.44% |           2      3.70%     98.15% |           1      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          73      3.41%      3.41% |          62      2.90%      6.31% |          60      2.80%      9.11% |          60      2.80%     11.91% |          56      2.62%     14.53% |          55      2.57%     17.09% |          63      2.94%     20.04% |          62      2.90%     22.93% |          69      3.22%     26.16% |          67      3.13%     29.29% |          77      3.60%     32.88% |          64      2.99%     35.87% |          64      2.99%     38.86% |          63      2.94%     41.80% |          66      3.08%     44.89% |          68      3.18%     48.06% |          62      2.90%     50.96% |          65      3.04%     53.99% |          60      2.80%     56.80% |          63      2.94%     59.74% |          74      3.46%     63.19% |         106      4.95%     68.15% |          77      3.60%     71.74% |          79      3.69%     75.43% |          70      3.27%     78.70% |          65      3.04%     81.74% |          67      3.13%     84.87% |          64      2.99%     87.86% |          66      3.08%     90.94% |          61      2.85%     93.79% |          62      2.90%     96.68% |          71      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2141                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     22.22%     22.22% |           9     25.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           0      0.00%     47.22% |           9     25.00%     72.22% |           2      5.56%     77.78% |           8     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           2      9.52%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           3     14.29%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      4.76%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           7     33.33%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           3     14.29%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           5     71.43%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       49840      3.90%      3.90% |       39582      3.10%      7.00% |       39604      3.10%     10.10% |       39574      3.10%     13.20% |       39536      3.10%     16.30% |       39499      3.09%     19.39% |       39555      3.10%     22.49% |       39560      3.10%     25.59% |       39625      3.10%     28.69% |       39578      3.10%     31.79% |       39628      3.10%     34.89% |       39588      3.10%     37.99% |       39643      3.10%     41.10% |       39615      3.10%     44.20% |       39608      3.10%     47.30% |       39548      3.10%     50.40% |       39600      3.10%     53.50% |       39609      3.10%     56.60% |       39626      3.10%     59.70% |       39558      3.10%     62.80% |       39582      3.10%     65.90% |       39658      3.11%     69.01% |       39583      3.10%     72.10% |       39537      3.10%     75.20% |       39636      3.10%     78.30% |       39685      3.11%     81.41% |       39609      3.10%     84.51% |       39540      3.10%     87.61% |       39560      3.10%     90.71% |       39571      3.10%     93.81% |       39554      3.10%     96.90% |       39537      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1277028                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      4.80%      4.80% |          24      3.39%      8.18% |          22      3.10%     11.28% |          22      3.10%     14.39% |          21      2.96%     17.35% |          21      2.96%     20.31% |          22      3.10%     23.41% |          22      3.10%     26.52% |          22      3.10%     29.62% |          22      3.10%     32.72% |          21      2.96%     35.68% |          21      2.96%     38.65% |          21      2.96%     41.61% |          21      2.96%     44.57% |          21      2.96%     47.53% |          21      2.96%     50.49% |          21      2.96%     53.46% |          22      3.10%     56.56% |          22      3.10%     59.66% |          22      3.10%     62.76% |          22      3.10%     65.87% |          23      3.24%     69.11% |          22      3.10%     72.21% |          21      2.96%     75.18% |          21      2.96%     78.14% |          23      3.24%     81.38% |          22      3.10%     84.49% |          21      2.96%     87.45% |          21      2.96%     90.41% |          22      3.10%     93.51% |          23      3.24%     96.76% |          23      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          709                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     62.35%     62.35% |           1      1.18%     63.53% |           3      3.53%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           0      0.00%     67.06% |           2      2.35%     69.41% |           0      0.00%     69.41% |           1      1.18%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2      2.35%     72.94% |           1      1.18%     74.12% |           2      2.35%     76.47% |           2      2.35%     78.82% |           2      2.35%     81.18% |           1      1.18%     82.35% |           1      1.18%     83.53% |           1      1.18%     84.71% |           1      1.18%     85.88% |           2      2.35%     88.24% |           4      4.71%     92.94% |           3      3.53%     96.47% |           2      2.35%     98.82% |           1      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           2      8.70%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           2      8.70%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           5     21.74%     52.17% |           2      8.70%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           1      4.35%     65.22% |           1      4.35%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           3     13.04%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     18.18%     18.18% |           9     81.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           4      2.25%      2.25% |           5      2.81%      5.06% |           5      2.81%      7.87% |           5      2.81%     10.67% |           6      3.37%     14.04% |           3      1.69%     15.73% |           3      1.69%     17.42% |           5      2.81%     20.22% |           5      2.81%     23.03% |           4      2.25%     25.28% |           5      2.81%     28.09% |           4      2.25%     30.34% |           5      2.81%     33.15% |           3      1.69%     34.83% |           4      2.25%     37.08% |           4      2.25%     39.33% |           4      2.25%     41.57% |           5      2.81%     44.38% |           6      3.37%     47.75% |           7      3.93%     51.69% |          21     11.80%     63.48% |          21     11.80%     75.28% |           3      1.69%     76.97% |           5      2.81%     79.78% |           5      2.81%     82.58% |           4      2.25%     84.83% |           5      2.81%     87.64% |           5      2.81%     90.45% |           4      2.25%     92.70% |           4      2.25%     94.94% |           5      2.81%     97.75% |           4      2.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          178                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          69      3.52%      3.52% |          57      2.90%      6.42% |          55      2.80%      9.22% |          55      2.80%     12.02% |          50      2.55%     14.57% |          52      2.65%     17.22% |          60      3.06%     20.28% |          57      2.90%     23.18% |          64      3.26%     26.44% |          63      3.21%     29.65% |          72      3.67%     33.32% |          60      3.06%     36.37% |          59      3.01%     39.38% |          60      3.06%     42.44% |          62      3.16%     45.59% |          64      3.26%     48.85% |          58      2.95%     51.81% |          60      3.06%     54.87% |          54      2.75%     57.62% |          56      2.85%     60.47% |          53      2.70%     63.17% |          85      4.33%     67.50% |          74      3.77%     71.27% |          74      3.77%     75.04% |          65      3.31%     78.35% |          61      3.11%     81.46% |          62      3.16%     84.62% |          59      3.01%     87.62% |          62      3.16%     90.78% |          57      2.90%     93.68% |          57      2.90%     96.59% |          67      3.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1963                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         514      3.28%      3.28% |         455      2.90%      6.17% |         438      2.79%      8.97% |         449      2.86%     11.83% |         451      2.87%     14.70% |         432      2.75%     17.45% |         472      3.01%     20.46% |         490      3.12%     23.58% |         504      3.21%     26.80% |         442      2.82%     29.61% |         488      3.11%     32.72% |         499      3.18%     35.90% |         549      3.50%     39.40% |         522      3.33%     42.73% |         509      3.24%     45.97% |         490      3.12%     49.09% |         513      3.27%     52.36% |         532      3.39%     55.75% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         480      3.06%     62.18% |         473      3.01%     65.19% |         524      3.34%     68.53% |         479      3.05%     71.59% |         452      2.88%     74.47% |         521      3.32%     77.79% |         579      3.69%     81.48% |         524      3.34%     84.81% |         478      3.05%     87.86% |         455      2.90%     90.76% |         510      3.25%     94.01% |         485      3.09%     97.10% |         455      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15693                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           2      6.25%      9.38% |           2      6.25%     15.62% |           2      6.25%     21.88% |           1      3.12%     25.00% |           2      6.25%     31.25% |           3      9.38%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           2      6.25%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           2      6.25%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           0      0.00%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       25588      5.07%      5.07% |       15487      3.07%      8.14% |       15516      3.08%     11.22% |       15470      3.07%     14.29% |       15440      3.06%     17.35% |       15419      3.06%     20.40% |       15432      3.06%     23.46% |       15427      3.06%     26.52% |       15463      3.07%     29.59% |       15477      3.07%     32.66% |       15502      3.07%     35.73% |       15427      3.06%     38.79% |       15442      3.06%     41.85% |       15445      3.06%     44.91% |       15453      3.06%     47.98% |       15418      3.06%     51.03% |       15426      3.06%     54.09% |       15421      3.06%     57.15% |       15444      3.06%     60.21% |       15424      3.06%     63.27% |       15445      3.06%     66.33% |       15460      3.07%     69.40% |       15459      3.06%     72.46% |       15436      3.06%     75.52% |       15456      3.06%     78.59% |       15451      3.06%     81.65% |       15428      3.06%     84.71% |       15415      3.06%     87.76% |       15456      3.06%     90.83% |       15412      3.06%     93.88% |       15410      3.06%     96.94% |       15439      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       504388                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         503      3.21%      3.21% |         454      2.89%      6.10% |         438      2.79%      8.89% |         449      2.86%     11.75% |         450      2.87%     14.62% |         430      2.74%     17.36% |         472      3.01%     20.37% |         491      3.13%     23.50% |         505      3.22%     26.72% |         445      2.84%     29.56% |         487      3.10%     32.66% |         498      3.17%     35.84% |         551      3.51%     39.35% |         523      3.33%     42.68% |         510      3.25%     45.93% |         492      3.14%     49.07% |         515      3.28%     52.35% |         532      3.39%     55.74% |         529      3.37%     59.12% |         483      3.08%     62.19% |         473      3.02%     65.21% |         523      3.33%     68.54% |         478      3.05%     71.59% |         451      2.87%     74.46% |         518      3.30%     77.77% |         578      3.68%     81.45% |         522      3.33%     84.78% |         479      3.05%     87.83% |         457      2.91%     90.74% |         511      3.26%     94.00% |         487      3.10%     97.11% |         454      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       24773      3.14%      3.14% |       24665      3.12%      6.26% |       24674      3.12%      9.38% |       24679      3.13%     12.51% |       24670      3.12%     15.63% |       24674      3.12%     18.76% |       24675      3.12%     21.88% |       24666      3.12%     25.01% |       24681      3.13%     28.13% |       24680      3.13%     31.26% |       24663      3.12%     34.38% |       24687      3.13%     37.51% |       24674      3.12%     40.63% |       24671      3.12%     43.75% |       24669      3.12%     46.88% |       24662      3.12%     50.00% |       24683      3.13%     53.13% |       24680      3.13%     56.25% |       24677      3.12%     59.38% |       24675      3.12%     62.50% |       24688      3.13%     65.63% |       24699      3.13%     68.75% |       24670      3.12%     71.88% |       24674      3.12%     75.00% |       24686      3.13%     78.13% |       24680      3.13%     81.25% |       24683      3.13%     84.38% |       24670      3.12%     87.50% |       24671      3.12%     90.63% |       24672      3.12%     93.75% |       24681      3.13%     96.88% |       24668      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       789720                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.17%      4.17% |           4      8.33%     12.50% |           5     10.42%     22.92% |           3      6.25%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           0      0.00%     29.17% |           1      2.08%     31.25% |           1      2.08%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      2.08%     35.42% |           6     12.50%     47.92% |           0      0.00%     47.92% |           2      4.17%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           0      0.00%     52.08% |           7     14.58%     66.67% |           5     10.42%     77.08% |           1      2.08%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           1      2.08%     81.25% |           1      2.08%     83.33% |           1      2.08%     85.42% |           1      2.08%     87.50% |           5     10.42%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           1      2.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           48                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      171929      9.58%      9.58% |       54286      3.03%     12.61% |       49284      2.75%     15.36% |       52995      2.95%     18.31% |       53508      2.98%     21.29% |       49517      2.76%     24.05% |       45961      2.56%     26.61% |       45967      2.56%     29.17% |       51551      2.87%     32.05% |       49824      2.78%     34.82% |       54070      3.01%     37.84% |       51037      2.84%     40.68% |       48296      2.69%     43.37% |       46921      2.62%     45.99% |       47890      2.67%     48.66% |       46620      2.60%     51.26% |       50572      2.82%     54.08% |       48375      2.70%     56.77% |       49899      2.78%     59.55% |       54011      3.01%     62.56% |       54529      3.04%     65.60% |       63397      3.53%     69.14% |       58005      3.23%     72.37% |       53247      2.97%     75.34% |       53476      2.98%     78.32% |       51448      2.87%     81.18% |       52513      2.93%     84.11% |       52315      2.92%     87.03% |       55516      3.09%     90.12% |       55167      3.07%     93.20% |       63471      3.54%     96.73% |       58599      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1794196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           1      7.14%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          11     44.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           1      4.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      4.00%     64.00% |           1      4.00%     68.00% |           1      4.00%     72.00% |           1      4.00%     76.00% |           1      4.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      4.00%     84.00% |           1      4.00%     88.00% |           1      4.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           25                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       34821     11.55%     11.55% |      150696     50.00%     61.55% |       14301      4.74%     66.30% |       15922      5.28%     71.58% |       14344      4.76%     76.34% |       15657      5.19%     81.54% |       14468      4.80%     86.34% |       15797      5.24%     91.58% |       12376      4.11%     95.68% |       13010      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       301392                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       34821     11.55%     11.55% |      150696     50.00%     61.55% |       14301      4.74%     66.30% |       15922      5.28%     71.58% |       14344      4.76%     76.34% |       15657      5.19%     81.54% |       14468      4.80%     86.34% |       15797      5.24%     91.58% |       12376      4.11%     95.68% |       13010      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       301392                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       34821     11.55%     11.55% |      150696     50.00%     61.55% |       14301      4.74%     66.30% |       15922      5.28%     71.58% |       14344      4.76%     76.34% |       15657      5.19%     81.54% |       14468      4.80%     86.34% |       15797      5.24%     91.58% |       12376      4.11%     95.68% |       13010      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       301392                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       34821     11.55%     11.55% |      150696     50.00%     61.55% |       14301      4.74%     66.30% |       15922      5.28%     71.58% |       14344      4.76%     76.34% |       15657      5.19%     81.54% |       14468      4.80%     86.34% |       15797      5.24%     91.58% |       12376      4.11%     95.68% |       13010      4.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       301392                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
