
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.038830                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 38829799500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5214997878000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  49679                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    87472                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              106129872                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3225060                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   365.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    18176136                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      32003464                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           4688768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        2862144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0        73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              73262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             44721                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    120751795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            120751795                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     73709987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            73709987                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    194461782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           194461782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      73262                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     44721                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    73262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   44721                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               4687936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    832                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                2861888                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                4688768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             2862144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    13                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             4891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             4886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             4634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             4726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             4523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             4505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             4793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            4517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            4732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            4351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            4469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            4506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             2810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             2882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             2801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             2938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             2845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             2739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             2919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            2766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            2698                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            2669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            2876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            2761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                      359                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2222                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  38829287000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                73262                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               44721                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  45717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   4396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   2939                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   2375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   2006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1571                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   1352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                   819                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                   731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                   595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   379                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   225                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   149                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                   465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                   7722                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                   7995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                   8159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                   8232                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                   8335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   2808                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        32372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   233.157544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   157.359594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.451996                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        12583     38.87%     38.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7272     22.46%     61.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8079     24.96%     86.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1018      3.14%     89.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          751      2.32%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          596      1.84%     93.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          432      1.33%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          426      1.32%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1215      3.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        32372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.200427                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    46.019120                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7951     99.91%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total         7958                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.619125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.387419                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.231217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7447     93.58%     93.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           144      1.81%     95.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          104      1.31%     96.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          263      3.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total         7958                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  3367653188                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             4741071938                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 366245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    45975.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               64725.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      120.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       73.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   120.75                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    73.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   56181                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  29403                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    329109.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.55                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10429338000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    27096822250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              126410760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              118162800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0               68974125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1               64473750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             289231800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             281229000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            146713680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            142948800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        14169902175                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        13803100335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        10863765000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        11185521000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          28200677700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          28131115845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          726.400236                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          724.608444                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1      4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           4564288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        2746624                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1        71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              71317                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             42916                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    117546010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            117546010                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     70734952                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            70734952                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    188280962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           188280962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      71317                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     42916                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    71317                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   42916                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               4563328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                2746496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                4564288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             2746624                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             4309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             4752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             4420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             4767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             4524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             4631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             4426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             4377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             4671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            4400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            4614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            4228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            4084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            4274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            4399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             2710                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             2714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             2691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             2699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             2831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             2643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             2732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             2805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            2661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            2586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            2527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            2553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            2652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                      350                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2125                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  38829035000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                71317                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               42916                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  44882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   3802                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   3273                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   2938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   2425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2049                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   1433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   1156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   611                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    95                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                   461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                   7422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                   7610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                   7766                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                   7902                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                   7980                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    712                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        28599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.536767                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.016316                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.478178                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9262     32.39%     32.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6711     23.47%     55.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7954     27.81%     83.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1196      4.18%     87.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          857      3.00%     90.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          544      1.90%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          483      1.69%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          463      1.62%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1129      3.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        28599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7644                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.323783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.381414                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7636     99.90%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.08%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total         7644                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7644                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.614076                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.382401                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.224409                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7132     93.30%     93.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           156      2.04%     95.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          115      1.50%     96.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          241      3.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total         7644                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  3037902633                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             4374815133                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 356510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    42606.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               61356.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      117.52                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       70.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   117.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    70.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   55781                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  29830                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    339910.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.95                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10617688000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    26908495250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              112696920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              103383000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0               61491375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1               56409375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             281931000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             273273000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            141121440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            136857600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        14043803355                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        13363931295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        10974392250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        11570771250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          28151116500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          28040305680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          725.123182                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          722.268891                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2      4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total           4566656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        2748160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2        71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total              71354                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             42940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    117606994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            117606994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     70774509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            70774509                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    188381503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           188381503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                      71354                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     42940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                    71354                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   42940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM               4565696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                2748160                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                4566656                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             2748160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0             4292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1             4781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2             4434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3             4798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4             4535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5             4626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6             4418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7             4419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8             4357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9             4653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10            4395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11            4652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12            4240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13            4073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14            4263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15            4403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             2703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             2712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             2688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             2789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             2697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             2822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             2646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             2734                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             2629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             2811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            2656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            2599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            2537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            2548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            2715                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            2654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                      288                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2179                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  38829273500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                71354                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               42940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  45085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   3888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   3517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   2977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   2391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   1645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   1344                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   1119                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   714                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   338                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    81                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                   373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                   7437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                   7634                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                   7773                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                   7888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                   8016                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        28603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   255.684509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.290702                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   240.213128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127         9284     32.46%     32.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6602     23.08%     55.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8154     28.51%     84.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1091      3.81%     87.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639          812      2.84%     90.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767          620      2.17%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          449      1.57%     94.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          445      1.56%     95.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1146      4.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        28603                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.311448                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.445391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7656     99.93%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.04%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total         7661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.605012                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.373930                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.227609                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7161     93.47%     93.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           150      1.96%     95.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          103      1.34%     96.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          247      3.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total         7661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  3015987936                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             4353594186                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 356695000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    42276.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               61026.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      117.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       70.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   117.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    70.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                   55764                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  29907                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    339731.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10522935000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    27003221250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              112833000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              103239360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0               61565625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1               56331000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             282289800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             273210600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            141082560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            137032560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        14085207585                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        13437982845                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        10938056250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        11505797250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          28156714980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          28049273775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          725.267903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.500405                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3      4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total           4548544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        2743616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3        71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total              71071                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             42869                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    117140548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            117140548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     70657486                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            70657486                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    187798034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           187798034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                      71072                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     42869                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                    71072                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   42869                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM               4548160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                2743488                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                4548608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             2743616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0             4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1             4737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2             4407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3             4759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4             4487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5             4595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6             4405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7             4417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8             4365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9             4633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10            4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11            4620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12            4224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13            4052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14            4276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15            4401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             2708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             2700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             2689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             2773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             2690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             2639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             2726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            2651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            2605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            2530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            2555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            2707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            2648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                      369                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2395                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  38829057000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                71072                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               42869                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  44632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   3498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   2993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   2703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   2354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   1724                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   1437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   1257                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   1099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   906                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   291                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   297                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   115                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   112                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                   482                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                   7397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                   7566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                   7708                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                   7862                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                   7910                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    770                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   2986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        28125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   259.201707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   178.994521                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   241.874739                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127         8894     31.62%     31.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255         6557     23.31%     54.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8047     28.61%     83.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1111      3.95%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639          833      2.96%     90.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767          615      2.19%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895          472      1.68%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          441      1.57%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1155      4.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        28125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples         7623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.319690                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.583816                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127         7617     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.05%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total         7623                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples         7623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.623377                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.387764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.243616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7           7101     93.15%     93.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           157      2.06%     95.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          117      1.53%     96.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          248      3.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total         7623                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  3115264727                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             4447733477                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 355325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    43836.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               62586.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      117.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       70.65                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   117.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    70.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.11                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.84                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                   55701                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  30099                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    340782.13                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.31                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10542633750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1296360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    26983522500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              110323080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              102128040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0               60196125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1               55724625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             280433400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             272703600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            140752080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            136890000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         2535680160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        13893017265                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        13285308060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        11106644250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        11639722500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          28127046360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          28028156985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          724.503691                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.956473                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1152                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              210                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          490                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          980                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4914                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               192500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              432148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                3500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              107148                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1825500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          374                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1531904                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          374                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 64                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 639                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3307075                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 26.906392                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.513015                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                15.346877                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3247910     98.21%     98.21% |       49603      1.50%     99.71% |        9161      0.28%     99.99% |         400      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3307075                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     11964192                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.961511                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.703993                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.222195                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |     4941630     41.30%     41.30% |     6060332     50.65%     91.96% |      805990      6.74%     98.69% |       91818      0.77%     99.46% |       26280      0.22%     99.68% |       15409      0.13%     99.81% |       13183      0.11%     99.92% |        7798      0.07%     99.99% |        1326      0.01%    100.00% |         426      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      11964192                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            11964189                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              11.911543                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.636657                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             58.449260                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    11935006     99.76%     99.76% |       21480      0.18%     99.94% |        6467      0.05%     99.99% |        1131      0.01%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              11964189                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        11342229                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000449                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000387                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.021181                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    11337141     99.96%     99.96% |        5087      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          11342229                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         621960                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        174.416636                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       121.307616                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       194.579579                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |      592777     95.31%     95.31% |       21480      3.45%     98.76% |        6467      1.04%     99.80% |        1131      0.18%     99.98% |         101      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           621960                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     1572864                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     262144                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses          62730                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses        62730                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           18                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            5                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles            4                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           14                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits      7916391                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       378822                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      8295213                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3376197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       121202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3497399                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       107892                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        18760                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        55080                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1416386                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        43356                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           10                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           10                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5999                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20774                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         1608                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5998                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20773                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles         1577                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6590                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22791                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles         1776                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5920                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14518                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20438                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles         1543                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6049                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20941                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles         1611                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits         5969                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        14637                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        20606                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles         1607                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6558                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22623                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles         1743                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6558                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        16065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        22623                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles         1745                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52864                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        14388                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        67252                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        19234                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10377                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses         8960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        19337                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10577                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        19495                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses         8917                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        17591                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses         8923                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        17453                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         6893                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses         8918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        15811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        16148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits         8622                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        12511                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        21133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         7979                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses         8903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        16882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         7945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses         8919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        16864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8638                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses         8877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        17515                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         7181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses         8975                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        16156                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9010                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses         8890                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        17900                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        10585                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses         8893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        19478                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         8260                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses         8894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        17154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        17065                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits         8467                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses         8926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        17393                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses         8954                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        17013                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         7442                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses         8934                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        16376                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         8671                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses         8866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        17537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10561                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        19468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10200                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses         8880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        19080                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9331                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses         8924                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        18255                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12451                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses         8855                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        21306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses         8844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        22801                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         7911                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses         8913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        16824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         8158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses         8891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        17049                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         7054                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses         8902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        15956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses         8888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        16146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         7642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses         8907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        16549                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits         8792                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses         8949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        17741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          115                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      5891530                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      5891530                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5977839                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5891530                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2558715                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2555914                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      5891530                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.075864                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      2106080                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      2106080                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2137422                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2106080                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1107087                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1100440                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      2106080                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.027119                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      1539231                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      1539231                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1568458                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1539231                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity       607882                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity       600803                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      1539231                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.019820                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      1197689                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      1197689                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1224216                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1197689                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity       500424                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity       497933                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      1197689                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.015422                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      1711953                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      1711953                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1740384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1711953                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity       878318                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity       866773                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      1711953                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.022044                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      1696635                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      1696635                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1723342                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1696635                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity       855960                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity       850871                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      1696635                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.021847                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      2201606                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      2201606                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2240060                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2201606                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity       797600                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity       793054                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      2201606                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028349                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      1217845                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      1217845                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1244380                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1217845                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       495522                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       493721                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      1217845                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.015682                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads       798387                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes       798387                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity       815402                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity       798387                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity       369589                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity       360939                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity       798387                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.010281                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1140233                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1140233                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1161315                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1140233                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       572465                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       563677                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1140233                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.014682                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads       756514                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes       756514                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity       765064                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity       756514                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       313859                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       313618                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity       756514                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.009741                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads       662318                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes       662318                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity       665540                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity       662318                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       263965                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       263778                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity       662318                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008528                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads       992821                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes       992821                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity       997163                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity       992821                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       476879                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       476689                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity       992821                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.012784                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads       698203                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes       698203                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity       701863                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity       698203                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       284166                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       283975                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity       698203                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.008991                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       417740                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       417740                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       419682                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       417740                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       162954                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       162888                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       417740                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.005379                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads       617134                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes       617134                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity       621021                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity       617134                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       243454                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       243282                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity       617134                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.007947                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      1027181                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      1027181                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1038839                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1027181                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       370312                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       370045                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      1027181                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.013227                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads       686352                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes       686352                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity       692487                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity       686352                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259060                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258892                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity       686352                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.008838                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads       650550                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes       650550                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity       657193                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity       650550                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       259094                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258870                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity       650550                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.008377                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       403477                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       403477                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       405518                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       403477                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       159214                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       159117                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       403477                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.005195                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       387831                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       387831                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       388360                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       387831                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       190975                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       190963                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       387831                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.004994                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       522079                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       522079                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       522851                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       522079                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       261572                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       261531                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       522079                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.006723                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       408125                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       408125                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       408981                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       408125                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       187835                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       187785                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       408125                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.005255                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       262113                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       262113                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       262113                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       262113                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       109309                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       262113                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.003375                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       332255                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       332255                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       332732                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       332255                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       139065                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       139059                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       332255                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.004278                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       473392                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       473392                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       474156                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       473392                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       232150                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       232108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       473392                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.006096                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       387442                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       387442                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       388262                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       387442                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       172013                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       171986                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       387442                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.004989                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       261821                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       261821                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       261821                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       261821                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       107885                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       261821                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.003371                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      1428770                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      1428770                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1473575                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1428770                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity       597256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity       596126                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      1428770                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.018398                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      1402016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      1402016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1430427                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1402016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity       567662                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity       566720                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      1402016                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.018053                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      1447122                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      1447122                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1483975                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1447122                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity       582915                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity       581974                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      1447122                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.018634                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      1486211                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      1486211                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1522333                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1486211                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity       608631                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity       607375                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      1486211                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.019138                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     2608558     27.89%     27.89% |     6214243     66.45%     94.34% |      529328      5.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total      9352129                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     2608558     27.89%     27.89% |     6214243     66.45%     94.34% |      529328      5.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total      9352129                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |    76217542                       |   146642689                       |    11245214                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |     9652910                       |    29170375                       |      529359                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   29.218266                       |   23.597836                       |   21.244321                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    3.700477                       |    4.694116                       |    1.000059                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    25.032316                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     4.207881                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         29.240196                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001863                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.040442      7.05%      7.05% |    0.039822      6.94%     13.99% |    0.040321      7.03%     21.01% |    0.039755      6.93%     27.94% |    0.094513     16.47%     44.41% |    0.095879     16.71%     61.12% |    0.094496     16.47%     77.59% |    0.095824     16.70%     94.28% |    0.008196      1.43%     95.71% |    0.008202      1.43%     97.14% |    0.008201      1.43%     98.57% |    0.008197      1.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.573848                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.014169                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.028841                       |    0.000000                       |    0.000759                       |    0.000759                       |    0.000831                       |    0.000744                       |    0.000766                       |    0.000751                       |    0.000826                       |    0.000827                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005540                       |    0.001896                       |    0.001665                       |    0.001824                       |    0.001712                       |    0.001719                       |    0.001643                       |    0.001663                       |    0.001692                       |    0.001766                       |    0.001905                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001773                       |    0.001752                       |    0.001631                       |    0.001658                       |    0.001829                       |    0.001710                       |    0.001715                       |    0.001768                       |    0.001802                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001739                       |    0.001733                       |    0.001758                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001685                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001912                       |    0.001865                       |    0.002039                       |    0.002161                       |    0.005638                       |    0.005484                       |    0.005486                       |    0.005465                       |    0.000309                       |           0                       |    0.000214                       |    0.001035                       |    0.000099                       |    0.000103                       |    0.000108                       |    0.000098                       |    0.000101                       |    0.000098                       |    0.000108                       |    0.000107                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001718                       |    0.000313                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002111                       |    0.000852                       |    0.001239                       |    0.001595                       |    0.000108                       |    0.001744                       |    0.004408                       |    0.001186                       |           0                       |    0.001813                       |    0.003863                       |           0                       |    0.003640                       |    0.007368                       |    0.001714                       |    0.001140                       |    0.001570                       |    0.000099                       |    0.003398                       |    0.002820                       |    0.010794                       |    0.001140                       |    0.001712                       |    0.000103                       |    0.007469                       |    0.002869                       |    0.002131                       |           0                       |    0.001705                       |    0.003719                       |           0                       |    0.007311                       |    0.003190                       |    0.002128                       |           0                       |    0.001726                       |           0                       |    0.003675                       |    0.001592                       |    0.001536                       |           0                       |    0.001664                       |           0                       |    0.001758                       |    0.000856                       |           0                       |    0.001796                       |           0                       |    0.001139                       |    0.001917                       |    0.001870                       |    0.001239                       |    0.001588                       |    0.000107                       |    0.001903                       |    0.003727                       |    0.004291                       |    0.001827                       |    0.001249                       |    0.001605                       |    0.000108                       |    0.003042                       |    0.007550                       |    0.005943                       |    0.002547                       |    0.037219                       |    0.004616                       |    0.000214                       |    0.002461                       |    0.012242                       |    0.015752                       |    0.003359                       |    0.000001                       |    0.001765                       |    0.001035                       |    0.002606                       |    0.006498                       |    0.012110                       |    0.003105                       |    0.001119                       |    0.001587                       |    0.000098                       |    0.004162                       |    0.004817                       |    0.006987                       |    0.003078                       |           0                       |    0.001635                       |           0                       |    0.001664                       |    0.003501                       |    0.003438                       |    0.002547                       |           0                       |    0.001630                       |           0                       |    0.000928                       |    0.001728                       |    0.001809                       |           0                       |    0.001647                       |           0                       |    0.000227                       |    0.001739                       |    0.001642                       |           0                       |    0.001736                       |           0                       |    0.001330                       |    0.001646                       |    0.003499                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.001888                       |    0.003721                       |           0                       |    0.001145                       |    0.003640                       |    0.006691                       |    0.001549                       |    0.001149                       |    0.001540                       |    0.000101                       |    0.018033                       |    0.003396                       |    0.002189                       |    0.001942                       |    0.001129                       |    0.001589                       |    0.000098                       |    0.001488                       |    0.007356                       |    0.002445                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.001907                       |    0.003710                       |           0                       |    0.001548                       |    0.007363                       |    0.003007                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.001624                       |           0                       |    0.000760                       |    0.003437                       |    0.001495                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |    0.001613                       |           0                       |    0.000073                       |    0.001685                       |    0.001618                       |           0                       |    0.001642                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001733                       |           0                       |    0.001531                       |           0                       |    0.000630                       |           0                       |    0.003218                       |           0                       |    0.001549                       |           0                       |    0.001667                       |    0.000485                       |    0.004246                       |           0                       |    0.001942                       |           0                       |    0.008434                       |    0.001522                       |    0.001328                       |           0                       |    0.001578                       |           0                       |    0.000514                       |    0.005209                       |    0.001537                       |           0                       |    0.001603                       |           0                       |    0.002552                       |    0.004222                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001674                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003521                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001618                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001753                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.573848                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         4074068                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      4074068                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       256119                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      2664823                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2108775                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     79.133774                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          278833                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29778                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits              8734586                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              48175                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             4994137                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44410                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses          8782761                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5038547                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  13728723                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   92585                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              13821308                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3504314                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9443                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3513757                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3504314                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9443                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3513757                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 74126345                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     13413778                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               24121473                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             4074068                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      2387608                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              56001613                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          580962                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154384                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       246410                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3264                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       310902                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3503661                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     70561308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.622698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.951323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         62484418     88.55%     88.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1017057      1.44%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           642674      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           737085      1.04%     91.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           603960      0.86%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           676762      0.96%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           608739      0.86%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           352265      0.50%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          3438348      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     70561308                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.054961                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.325410                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          8397152                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      55739725                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4131841                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2002102                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         290481                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       41339648                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         290481                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles          9281227                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        30352685                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      5782222                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           5173757                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      19680929                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       40314035                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59047                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1451111                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         432449                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       17435886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     46560260                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups      97712507                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     61077158                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           44                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      36688151                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps          9872101                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       151527                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       153091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          13704180                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      4448737                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      5199731                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       397363                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       251423                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           39290163                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       193019                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          41583644                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       168661                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7261531                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     11761716                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        54478                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     70561308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.589326                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.370978                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     54784641     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      5751626      8.15%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3023758      4.29%     90.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2683624      3.80%     93.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1906389      2.70%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1052907      1.49%     98.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       861499      1.22%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       300367      0.43%     99.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       196497      0.28%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     70561308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           92705     11.62%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631279     79.09%     90.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         74150      9.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       174126      0.42%      0.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      27393490     65.88%     66.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        24807      0.06%     66.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52253      0.13%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8871544     21.33%     87.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5067424     12.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       41583644                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.560983                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              798134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.019193                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    154695336                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     46751609                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     36104671                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes           80                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       42207624                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       565733                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1133190                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2519                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7101                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       431742                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1834                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5120504                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         290481                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4287151                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      24798207                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     39483182                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        95616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       4448737                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      5199731                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       184156                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          77370                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      24673986                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7101                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       108596                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       198029                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       306625                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      41173537                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       8727913                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       318054                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             13727762                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          2997701                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            4999849                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.555451                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               36171207                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              36104691                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          20522595                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          33191397                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.487070                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.618311                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      7447454                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       138541                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       269304                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     69395060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.461178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     57576564     82.97%     82.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4201024      6.05%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3521682      5.07%     94.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1414891      2.04%     96.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       785047      1.13%     97.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       248827      0.36%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       355252      0.51%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       335619      0.48%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       956154      1.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     69395060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     18176135                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       32003461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs                8083533                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3315544                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5712                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            2664479                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          31719198                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       205147                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        81999      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     23763634     74.25%     74.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        23594      0.07%     74.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50701      0.16%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3315544     10.36%     85.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4767989     14.90%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     32003461                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events        956154                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            107827639                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            80072251                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   82759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3565037                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3532840                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            18176135                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              32003461                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.078224                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.078224                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.245205                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.245205                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         63336954                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        27869895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          15356897                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         13110446                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        20293607                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         144076                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean                508984500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            508984500.000000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-3.35544e+07               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+07-6.71089e+07            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+07-1.00663e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.00663e+08-1.34218e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-1.67772e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.67772e+08-2.01327e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+08-2.34881e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.34881e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-3.0199e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.0199e+08-3.35544e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.35544e+08-3.69099e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.69099e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-4.36208e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.36208e+08-4.69762e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.69762e+08-5.03316e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.03316e+08-5.36871e+08            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-5.70425e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.70425e+08-6.0398e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.0398e+08-6.37534e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.37534e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1603841                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        29.094464                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       24.358740                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       19.394120                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1547181     96.47%     96.47% |       47138      2.94%     99.41% |        9121      0.57%     99.97% |         400      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1603841                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1673953                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.907751                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.792103                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.744658                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1214175     72.53%     72.53% |      457273     27.32%     99.85% |        2197      0.13%     99.98% |         268      0.02%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1673953                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         29281                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.316109                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.130779                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        6.945568                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         464      1.58%      1.58% |        5384     18.39%     19.97% |       13527     46.20%     66.17% |        6447     22.02%     88.19% |        3369     11.51%     99.69% |          85      0.29%     99.98% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           29281                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          3538681                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           19.225828                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.991803                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          92.138845                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     3514042     99.30%     99.30% |       17318      0.49%     99.79% |        6153      0.17%     99.97% |        1070      0.03%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            3538681                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      3271980                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000933                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000805                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.030527                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3268928     99.91%     99.91% |        3052      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        3271980                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       266701                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     218.278443                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    132.312727                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    264.180186                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      242062     90.76%     90.76% |       17318      6.49%     97.25% |        6153      2.31%     99.56% |        1070      0.40%     99.96% |          94      0.04%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        266701                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          4790431                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           11.043384                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.597948                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          43.971823                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     4768159     99.54%     99.54% |       17946      0.37%     99.91% |        3241      0.07%     99.98% |         704      0.01%     99.99% |         219      0.00%    100.00% |          95      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            4790431                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      4566094                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000426                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000368                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020656                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4564148     99.96%     99.96% |        1945      0.04%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        4566094                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       224337                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     174.747536                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    145.065249                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    114.770246                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      202065     90.07%     90.07% |       17946      8.00%     98.07% |        3241      1.44%     99.52% |         704      0.31%     99.83% |         219      0.10%     99.93% |          95      0.04%     99.97% |          48      0.02%     99.99% |          13      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        224337                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3497397                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.799276                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.353232                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.946320                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3495313     99.94%     99.94% |        1884      0.05%     99.99% |         184      0.01%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3497397                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3376197                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001088                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3376193    100.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3376197                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       121200                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    83.777030                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    74.490939                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    54.726654                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      119116     98.28%     98.28% |        1884      1.55%     99.83% |         184      0.15%     99.99% |          15      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       121200                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.433061                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.784887                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    29.423759                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      134835     98.87%     98.87% |        1189      0.87%     99.74% |         324      0.24%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       136378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000679                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000586                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.026045                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      126609     99.93%     99.93% |          86      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       126695                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9683                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    93.596096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.988000                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    67.595509                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        8140     84.06%     84.06% |        1189     12.28%     96.34% |         324      3.35%     99.69% |          12      0.12%     99.81% |           5      0.05%     99.87% |          10      0.10%     99.97% |           3      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.947773                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.599055                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.355139                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         612     94.01%     94.01% |          23      3.53%     97.54% |          13      2.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           2      0.31%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         612    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          612                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    68.897436                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    62.652089                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    39.663582                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     58.97%     58.97% |          13     33.33%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           39                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          651                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          651                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks         8960                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       210843                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access         7680                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    18183                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    18157                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    19938                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    17788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    18339                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    17965                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    19672                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    19602                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   2649                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   2675                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   2910                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   2708                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   2661                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2699                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   3008                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   3078                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     3284                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     3235                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     3579                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     3220                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     3266                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     3290                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     3589                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     3572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                20832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                20832                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                22848                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                20496                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                21000                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                20664                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                22680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                22680                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  156196                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  146803                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  170383                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  141873                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  158697                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                  143488                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  191101                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  179635                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   17856                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   17856                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   19584                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   17568                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   18000                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   17712                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   19440                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   19440                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   2976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   2976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   3264                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   2928                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   3000                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   2952                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   3240                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   3240                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                15595                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                15575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                17106                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                15245                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                15734                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                15406                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                16877                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                16819                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               2261                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2281                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2478                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               2323                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               2266                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2306                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               2563                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2621                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                2588                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                2582                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                2832                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                2543                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                2605                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                2559                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                2795                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2783                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               388                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               394                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses               432                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses               385                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses               395                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses               393                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses               445                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses               457                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      124                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      124                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      136                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      122                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      125                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      123                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      135                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      135                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 905710                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 907293                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 906721                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                 903247                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 903544                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 904098                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 899105                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 899955                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    5952                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    5952                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    6528                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    5856                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    6000                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    5904                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    6480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    6480                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                833330                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                839278                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                827376                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles                839225                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                835180                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                839728                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                822227                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                826602                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             128960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             128960                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             141440                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             126880                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             130000                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             127920                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             140400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             140400                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               549333                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               539000                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               573695                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               522529                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               542866                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               529882                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               587302                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles               574909                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           833330                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           839278                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           827376                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time           839225                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           835180                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           839728                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           822227                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           826602                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        128960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        128960                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        141440                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        126880                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        130000                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        127920                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        140400                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        140400                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          514676                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          510762                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          536157                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          496609                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          511778                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          500408                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          545870                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time          542494                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             894954                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             896741                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             897416                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time             892666                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             893302                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             893954                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             888051                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             888882                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles              2929                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles              4037                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              3926                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles              4603                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              6035                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles             20348                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles              6180                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles             26998                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          76739450                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          76739446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles          76739452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles          76739448                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles          76739458                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles          76739618                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          76739469                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles          76739839                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles           438588                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles           454988                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles           375824                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles           443682                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles           426504                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles           435185                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles           297228                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles           337567                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1015                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1057                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              1155                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              1085                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1057                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              1036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              1239                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              1316                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1               938                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               965                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1008                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               946                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               943                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1               932                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               975                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1               973                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              5588                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              5832                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              6059                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              5448                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              5701                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              5520                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              6045                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              5897                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles             771                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles              48                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles              72                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       286980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       38910     25.91%     25.91% |       37094     24.70%     50.61% |       37116     24.72%     75.33% |       37046     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       150166                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       73262     25.53%     25.53% |       71317     24.85%     50.38% |       71354     24.86%     75.24% |       71071     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       287004                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       44721     25.78%     25.78% |       42916     24.74%     50.53% |       42940     24.76%     75.28% |       42868     24.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       173445                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        5984     25.00%     25.00% |        5984     25.00%     50.00% |        5984     25.00%     75.00% |        5984     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        23936                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       104046                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71072     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       286980                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5811     24.96%     24.96% |        5822     25.01%     49.97% |        5824     25.02%     74.99% |        5823     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23280                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36885     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       149457                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       26135     25.12%     25.12% |       26031     25.02%     50.14% |       26046     25.03%     75.17% |       25834     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       104046                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       73237     25.52%     25.52% |       71317     24.85%     50.37% |       71354     24.86%     75.23% |       71071     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       286979                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       38684     25.88%     25.88% |       36932     24.71%     50.59% |       36956     24.73%     75.32% |       36884     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       149456                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         173     26.37%     26.37% |         162     24.70%     51.07% |         160     24.39%     75.46% |         161     24.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        23936                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       23936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        23936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     3392995     95.83%     95.83% |          10      0.00%     95.83% |       17868      0.50%     96.34% |       17868      0.50%     96.84% |       19594      0.55%     97.40% |       17568      0.50%     97.89% |       18010      0.51%     98.40% |       17712      0.50%     98.90% |       19440      0.55%     99.45% |       19440      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      3540505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3497459    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3497459                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4906925     99.51%     99.51% |           0      0.00%     99.51% |        2918      0.06%     99.57% |        2917      0.06%     99.63% |        3207      0.07%     99.69% |        2870      0.06%     99.75% |        2941      0.06%     99.81% |        2894      0.06%     99.87% |        3183      0.06%     99.94% |        3183      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4931038                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       13039     58.81%     58.81% |          10      0.05%     58.86% |        1192      5.38%     64.24% |        1072      4.84%     69.07% |        1256      5.67%     74.74% |        1046      4.72%     79.45% |        1083      4.88%     84.34% |        1056      4.76%     89.10% |        1278      5.76%     94.87% |        1138      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        22170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      499130     80.88%     80.88% |           0      0.00%     80.88% |       14299      2.32%     83.20% |       14300      2.32%     85.52% |       15720      2.55%     88.07% |       14006      2.27%     90.33% |       14410      2.34%     92.67% |       14127      2.29%     94.96% |       15553      2.52%     97.48% |       15553      2.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       617098                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         123     12.07%     12.07% |         124     12.17%     24.24% |         135     13.25%     37.49% |         119     11.68%     49.17% |         125     12.27%     61.43% |         122     11.97%     73.41% |         135     13.25%     86.65% |         136     13.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         1019                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.08%      0.08% |           0      0.00%      0.08% |         737     12.10%     12.18% |         735     12.07%     24.24% |         806     13.23%     37.48% |         716     11.75%     49.23% |         743     12.20%     61.42% |         732     12.02%     73.44% |         809     13.28%     86.72% |         809     13.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         6092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161490     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       11928      4.59%     66.73% |       11929      4.59%     71.32% |       13083      5.03%     76.35% |       11708      4.50%     80.86% |       12025      4.63%     85.48% |       11807      4.54%     90.03% |       12959      4.99%     95.01% |       12962      4.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       259896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         739     12.13%     12.21% |         738     12.11%     24.33% |         791     12.98%     37.31% |         729     11.97%     49.28% |         742     12.18%     61.46% |         736     12.08%     73.54% |         804     13.20%     86.74% |         808     13.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         6092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      338514     95.10%     95.10% |           0      0.00%     95.10% |        2108      0.59%     95.69% |        2108      0.59%     96.28% |        2327      0.65%     96.94% |        2081      0.58%     97.52% |        2125      0.60%     98.12% |        2094      0.59%     98.71% |        2302      0.65%     99.36% |        2295      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       355954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      377369     78.32%     78.32% |           0      0.00%     78.32% |       12572      2.61%     80.93% |       12697      2.64%     83.56% |       13832      2.87%     86.43% |       12464      2.59%     89.02% |       12800      2.66%     91.68% |       12562      2.61%     94.29% |       13707      2.84%     97.13% |       13829      2.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       481832                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      162008     60.78%     60.78% |          10      0.00%     60.79% |       12667      4.75%     65.54% |       12667      4.75%     70.29% |       13889      5.21%     75.50% |       12444      4.67%     80.17% |       12767      4.79%     84.96% |       12546      4.71%     89.67% |       13770      5.17%     94.83% |       13770      5.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       266538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120595    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120595                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      216629     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2108      0.90%     93.46% |        2108      0.90%     94.36% |        2312      0.99%     95.35% |        2074      0.89%     96.24% |        2125      0.91%     97.15% |        2091      0.89%     98.04% |        2295      0.98%     99.02% |        2295      0.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       234037                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11002     55.71%     55.71% |           0      0.00%     55.71% |        1072      5.43%     61.14% |        1072      5.43%     66.57% |        1121      5.68%     72.25% |        1046      5.30%     77.54% |        1083      5.48%     83.03% |        1056      5.35%     88.37% |        1158      5.86%     94.24% |        1138      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19748                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         163    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          163                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         607    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         383     21.86%     21.86% |           0      0.00%     21.86% |         241     13.76%     35.62% |         120      6.85%     42.47% |         268     15.30%     57.76% |         115      6.56%     64.33% |         123      7.02%     71.35% |         117      6.68%     78.03% |         251     14.33%     92.35% |         134      7.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1752                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       10561    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        10561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3376197    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3376197                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        1362     99.63%     99.63% |           5      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120458     90.94%     90.94% |           0      0.00%     90.94% |        1450      1.09%     92.04% |        1446      1.09%     93.13% |        1589      1.20%     94.33% |        1427      1.08%     95.40% |        1457      1.10%     96.50% |        1446      1.09%     97.60% |        1595      1.20%     98.80% |        1590      1.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       132458                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1693129     97.53%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |        5189      0.30%     97.83% |        5189      0.30%     98.12% |        5695      0.33%     98.45% |        5124      0.30%     98.75% |        5233      0.30%     99.05% |        5166      0.30%     99.35% |        5670      0.33%     99.67% |        5670      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1736065                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       26143    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        26143                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         476     59.80%     59.80% |           5      0.63%     60.43% |          90     11.31%     71.73% |           0      0.00%     71.73% |         120     15.08%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |           0      0.00%     86.81% |         105     13.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          796                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      134787     60.28%     60.28% |           0      0.00%     60.28% |       10696      4.78%     65.07% |       10790      4.83%     69.89% |       11762      5.26%     75.15% |       10602      4.74%     79.90% |       10862      4.86%     84.75% |       10685      4.78%     89.53% |       11655      5.21%     94.75% |       11748      5.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       223587                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         737     12.11%     12.11% |         734     12.06%     24.17% |         805     13.23%     37.40% |         716     11.77%     49.17% |         743     12.21%     61.38% |         732     12.03%     73.41% |         809     13.29%     86.71% |         809     13.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         6085                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1525354    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1525354                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4661204     99.86%     99.86% |           0      0.00%     99.86% |         810      0.02%     99.87% |         809      0.02%     99.89% |         895      0.02%     99.91% |         796      0.02%     99.93% |         816      0.02%     99.94% |         803      0.02%     99.96% |         888      0.02%     99.98% |         888      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4667909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         199     76.83%     76.83% |           0      0.00%     76.83% |          30     11.58%     88.42% |           0      0.00%     88.42% |          15      5.79%     94.21% |           0      0.00%     94.21% |           0      0.00%     94.21% |           0      0.00%     94.21% |          15      5.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          259                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      242582     93.93%     93.93% |           0      0.00%     93.93% |        1876      0.73%     94.66% |        1907      0.74%     95.40% |        2070      0.80%     96.20% |        1862      0.72%     96.92% |        1938      0.75%     97.67% |        1877      0.73%     98.40% |        2052      0.79%     99.19% |        2081      0.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       258245                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         123     12.07%     12.07% |         124     12.17%     24.24% |         135     13.25%     37.49% |         119     11.68%     49.17% |         125     12.27%     61.43% |         122     11.97%     73.41% |         135     13.25%     86.65% |         136     13.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total         1019                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         911     87.01%     87.01% |           0      0.00%     87.01% |          36      3.44%     90.45% |          37      3.53%     93.98% |          31      2.96%     96.94% |           0      0.00%     96.94% |          30      2.87%     99.81% |           2      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         1047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161490     62.14%     62.14% |           5      0.00%     62.14% |       11928      4.59%     66.73% |       11929      4.59%     71.32% |       13083      5.03%     76.35% |       11708      4.50%     80.86% |       12025      4.63%     85.48% |       11807      4.54%     90.03% |       12959      4.99%     95.01% |       12962      4.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       259896                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.08%      0.08% |         739     12.13%     12.21% |         738     12.11%     24.33% |         791     12.98%     37.31% |         729     11.97%     49.28% |         742     12.18%     61.46% |         736     12.08%     73.54% |         804     13.20%     86.74% |         808     13.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         6092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      121881     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |           7      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       121913                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           9    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      216633     92.56%     92.56% |           0      0.00%     92.56% |        2108      0.90%     93.46% |        2108      0.90%     94.36% |        2312      0.99%     95.35% |        2074      0.89%     96.24% |        2125      0.91%     97.15% |        2091      0.89%     98.04% |        2295      0.98%     99.02% |        2295      0.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       234041                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1780     97.59%     97.59% |           0      0.00%     97.59% |          12      0.66%     98.25% |          12      0.66%     98.90% |          10      0.55%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |          10      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          60    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        2927    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2927                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      377369     78.32%     78.32% |           0      0.00%     78.32% |       12572      2.61%     80.93% |       12696      2.63%     83.56% |       13831      2.87%     86.43% |       12464      2.59%     89.02% |       12800      2.66%     91.68% |       12562      2.61%     94.29% |       13707      2.84%     97.13% |       13829      2.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       481830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3742      3.09%      3.09% |        3665      3.02%      6.11% |        3399      2.80%      8.91% |        3426      2.83%     11.74% |        3476      2.87%     14.61% |        3980      3.28%     17.89% |        3696      3.05%     20.94% |        3240      2.67%     23.61% |        3449      2.85%     26.46% |        4983      4.11%     30.57% |        3814      3.15%     33.72% |        3726      3.07%     36.79% |        3457      2.85%     39.64% |        4231      3.49%     43.13% |        3787      3.12%     46.26% |        3679      3.04%     49.29% |        4083      3.37%     52.66% |        4070      3.36%     56.02% |        3569      2.94%     58.96% |        3273      2.70%     61.66% |        2997      2.47%     64.14% |        3582      2.96%     67.09% |        3429      2.83%     69.92% |        3307      2.73%     72.65% |        3551      2.93%     75.58% |        3610      2.98%     78.56% |        3123      2.58%     81.13% |        4574      3.77%     84.91% |        3904      3.22%     88.13% |        5095      4.20%     92.33% |        4948      4.08%     96.41% |        4347      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       121212                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       47060     17.64%     17.64% |        7805      2.93%     20.57% |        6459      2.42%     22.99% |        7341      2.75%     25.75% |        6718      2.52%     28.26% |        6505      2.44%     30.70% |        6109      2.29%     32.99% |        6267      2.35%     35.34% |        6550      2.46%     37.80% |        6587      2.47%     40.27% |        8656      3.25%     43.51% |        9133      3.42%     46.94% |        7706      2.89%     49.83% |        6417      2.41%     52.23% |        5929      2.22%     54.46% |        6308      2.37%     56.82% |       10302      3.86%     60.69% |        6553      2.46%     63.14% |        6863      2.57%     65.72% |        6962      2.61%     68.33% |        7221      2.71%     71.03% |        7632      2.86%     73.89% |        6632      2.49%     76.38% |        6613      2.48%     78.86% |        6568      2.46%     81.32% |        6505      2.44%     83.76% |        6314      2.37%     86.13% |        5999      2.25%     88.38% |        7134      2.67%     91.05% |        6419      2.41%     93.46% |        7236      2.71%     96.17% |       10205      3.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       266708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       16459      7.03%      7.03% |        7764      3.32%     10.35% |        6297      2.69%     13.04% |        7488      3.20%     16.24% |        6630      2.83%     19.07% |        6564      2.80%     21.88% |        6154      2.63%     24.51% |        6641      2.84%     27.34% |        6550      2.80%     30.14% |        6171      2.64%     32.78% |        6867      2.93%     35.71% |        6636      2.84%     38.55% |        6428      2.75%     41.29% |        6805      2.91%     44.20% |        6091      2.60%     46.80% |        6162      2.63%     49.44% |        6747      2.88%     52.32% |        6259      2.67%     54.99% |        6425      2.75%     57.74% |        7279      3.11%     60.85% |        7682      3.28%     64.13% |        8267      3.53%     67.66% |        7093      3.03%     70.69% |        7145      3.05%     73.75% |        7274      3.11%     76.85% |        6898      2.95%     79.80% |        6938      2.96%     82.77% |        6964      2.98%     85.74% |        8431      3.60%     89.34% |        7567      3.23%     92.58% |        9124      3.90%     96.48% |        8249      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       234049                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       56796     11.79%     11.79% |       15374      3.19%     14.98% |       12582      2.61%     17.59% |       14636      3.04%     20.63% |       13164      2.73%     23.36% |       12549      2.60%     25.96% |       12077      2.51%     28.47% |       12738      2.64%     31.11% |       12935      2.68%     33.80% |       12596      2.61%     36.41% |       15346      3.18%     39.60% |       15600      3.24%     42.83% |       13971      2.90%     45.73% |       13054      2.71%     48.44% |       11839      2.46%     50.90% |       12295      2.55%     53.45% |       10370      2.15%     55.60% |       12645      2.62%     58.23% |       13078      2.71%     60.94% |       14065      2.92%     63.86% |       14741      3.06%     66.92% |       15717      3.26%     70.18% |       13558      2.81%     73.00% |       13594      2.82%     75.82% |       13676      2.84%     78.66% |       13238      2.75%     81.40% |       13089      2.72%     84.12% |       12799      2.66%     86.78% |       15402      3.20%     89.97% |       13825      2.87%     92.84% |       16198      3.36%     96.20% |       18287      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       481834                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6368      4.27%      4.27% |        4606      3.09%      7.35% |        4627      3.10%     10.45% |        4609      3.09%     13.54% |        4594      3.08%     16.62% |        4606      3.09%     19.70% |        4609      3.09%     22.79% |        4596      3.08%     25.87% |        4611      3.09%     28.96% |        4617      3.09%     32.05% |        4617      3.09%     35.14% |        4610      3.09%     38.23% |        4594      3.08%     41.31% |        4605      3.08%     44.39% |        4598      3.08%     47.47% |        4599      3.08%     50.55% |        4634      3.10%     53.66% |        4612      3.09%     56.74% |        4628      3.10%     59.84% |        4618      3.09%     62.94% |        4610      3.09%     66.03% |        4630      3.10%     69.13% |        4614      3.09%     72.22% |        4611      3.09%     75.31% |        4625      3.10%     78.41% |        4623      3.10%     81.50% |        4617      3.09%     84.59% |        4607      3.09%     87.68% |        4610      3.09%     90.77% |        4594      3.08%     93.85% |        4596      3.08%     96.92% |        4591      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       149286                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        3365      3.23%      3.23% |        3274      3.14%      6.37% |        3303      3.17%      9.54% |        3269      3.14%     12.68% |        3275      3.14%     15.82% |        3240      3.11%     18.93% |        3248      3.12%     22.04% |        3248      3.12%     25.16% |        3252      3.12%     28.28% |        3287      3.15%     31.44% |        3299      3.17%     34.60% |        3264      3.13%     37.73% |        3279      3.15%     40.88% |        3274      3.14%     44.02% |        3276      3.14%     47.16% |        3247      3.12%     50.28% |        3256      3.12%     53.40% |        3247      3.12%     56.52% |        3247      3.12%     59.63% |        3215      3.08%     62.72% |        3236      3.11%     65.82% |        3219      3.09%     68.91% |        3236      3.11%     72.02% |        3211      3.08%     75.10% |        3257      3.13%     78.22% |        3287      3.15%     81.38% |        3273      3.14%     84.52% |        3215      3.08%     87.60% |        3253      3.12%     90.73% |        3242      3.11%     93.84% |        3215      3.08%     96.92% |        3209      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       104218                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       10843      3.78%      3.78% |        8925      3.11%      6.89% |        8974      3.13%     10.02% |        8923      3.11%     13.12% |        8913      3.11%     16.23% |        8891      3.10%     19.33% |        8901      3.10%     22.43% |        8888      3.10%     25.53% |        8907      3.10%     28.63% |        8948      3.12%     31.75% |        8960      3.12%     34.87% |        8918      3.11%     37.98% |        8917      3.11%     41.09% |        8923      3.11%     44.20% |        8918      3.11%     47.30% |        8890      3.10%     50.40% |        8934      3.11%     53.51% |        8903      3.10%     56.62% |        8918      3.11%     59.72% |        8877      3.09%     62.82% |        8890      3.10%     65.91% |        8893      3.10%     69.01% |        8894      3.10%     72.11% |        8866      3.09%     75.20% |        8926      3.11%     78.31% |        8954      3.12%     81.43% |        8934      3.11%     84.55% |        8865      3.09%     87.63% |        8907      3.10%     90.74% |        8880      3.09%     93.83% |        8855      3.09%     96.92% |        8844      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       286979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       254211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          52     19.70%     19.70% |           5      1.89%     21.59% |           8      3.03%     24.62% |           7      2.65%     27.27% |           6      2.27%     29.55% |           6      2.27%     31.82% |           5      1.89%     33.71% |           9      3.41%     37.12% |           7      2.65%     39.77% |           8      3.03%     42.80% |           7      2.65%     45.45% |           6      2.27%     47.73% |           8      3.03%     50.76% |           6      2.27%     53.03% |           7      2.65%     55.68% |           4      1.52%     57.20% |           3      1.14%     58.33% |           6      2.27%     60.61% |          10      3.79%     64.39% |           7      2.65%     67.05% |           5      1.89%     68.94% |           9      3.41%     72.35% |          11      4.17%     76.52% |           6      2.27%     78.79% |           7      2.65%     81.44% |           6      2.27%     83.71% |           8      3.03%     86.74% |           8      3.03%     89.77% |           8      3.03%     92.80% |           6      2.27%     95.08% |           8      3.03%     98.11% |           5      1.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          264                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        3024     49.68%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |           0      0.00%     49.68% |        3063     50.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         6087                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2183     49.86%     49.86% |           1      0.02%     49.89% |           1      0.02%     49.91% |           1      0.02%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           0      0.00%     49.93% |           1      0.02%     49.95% |           0      0.00%     49.95% |           0      0.00%     49.95% |           1      0.02%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |           0      0.00%     49.98% |        2190     50.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4378                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2599     14.82%     14.82% |         387      2.21%     17.03% |         400      2.28%     19.31% |         399      2.28%     21.59% |         406      2.32%     23.90% |         396      2.26%     26.16% |         409      2.33%     28.49% |         409      2.33%     30.83% |         396      2.26%     33.09% |         406      2.32%     35.40% |         436      2.49%     37.89% |         432      2.46%     40.35% |         436      2.49%     42.84% |         435      2.48%     45.32% |         439      2.50%     47.82% |         438      2.50%     50.32% |        2621     14.95%     65.27% |         415      2.37%     67.64% |         410      2.34%     69.98% |         392      2.24%     72.21% |         390      2.22%     74.44% |         398      2.27%     76.71% |         394      2.25%     78.95% |         394      2.25%     81.20% |         422      2.41%     83.61% |         433      2.47%     86.08% |         437      2.49%     88.57% |         402      2.29%     90.86% |         403      2.30%     93.16% |         403      2.30%     95.46% |         400      2.28%     97.74% |         396      2.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17533                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        3024     49.64%     49.64% |           1      0.02%     49.66% |           1      0.02%     49.67% |           1      0.02%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           1      0.02%     49.70% |           0      0.00%     49.70% |           0      0.00%     49.70% |           1      0.02%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |        3063     50.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         6092                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       60422     12.23%     12.23% |       15544      3.15%     15.38% |       12750      2.58%     17.96% |       14804      3.00%     20.96% |       13333      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12240      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15511      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14131      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       12002      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.37% |       13976      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13238      2.68%     61.48% |       14226      2.88%     64.36% |       14903      3.02%     67.37% |       15884      3.22%     70.59% |       13721      2.78%     73.37% |       13755      2.78%     76.15% |       13837      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.67% |       13251      2.68%     84.35% |       12960      2.62%     86.97% |       15563      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493955                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         172     12.13%     12.13% |          42      2.96%     15.09% |          40      2.82%     17.91% |          42      2.96%     20.87% |          40      2.82%     23.70% |          42      2.96%     26.66% |          40      2.82%     29.48% |          40      2.82%     32.30% |          40      2.82%     35.12% |          40      2.82%     37.94% |          40      2.82%     40.76% |          40      2.82%     43.58% |          40      2.82%     46.40% |          40      2.82%     49.22% |          40      2.82%     52.05% |          40      2.82%     54.87% |          40      2.82%     57.69% |          40      2.82%     60.51% |          40      2.82%     63.33% |          40      2.82%     66.15% |          40      2.82%     68.97% |          40      2.82%     71.79% |          40      2.82%     74.61% |          40      2.82%     77.43% |          40      2.82%     80.25% |          40      2.82%     83.07% |          40      2.82%     85.90% |          40      2.82%     88.72% |          40      2.82%     91.54% |          40      2.82%     94.36% |          40      2.82%     97.18% |          40      2.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         398      3.22%      3.22% |         358      2.90%      6.12% |         375      3.04%      9.15% |         371      3.00%     12.16% |         378      3.06%     15.22% |         365      2.95%     18.17% |         379      3.07%     21.24% |         386      3.12%     24.36% |         373      3.02%     27.38% |         383      3.10%     30.48% |         407      3.29%     33.78% |         404      3.27%     37.05% |         412      3.33%     40.38% |         407      3.29%     43.68% |         408      3.30%     46.98% |         405      3.28%     50.26% |         413      3.34%     53.60% |         390      3.16%     56.76% |         389      3.15%     59.91% |         370      2.99%     62.90% |         364      2.95%     65.85% |         370      2.99%     68.84% |         369      2.99%     71.83% |         367      2.97%     74.80% |         395      3.20%     78.00% |         406      3.29%     81.29% |         412      3.33%     84.62% |         380      3.08%     87.70% |         382      3.09%     90.79% |         382      3.09%     93.88% |         384      3.11%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12354                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        5740      4.63%      4.63% |        3870      3.12%      7.75% |        3893      3.14%     10.89% |        3839      3.10%     13.98% |        3831      3.09%     17.07% |        3815      3.08%     20.15% |        3812      3.07%     23.22% |        3808      3.07%     26.29% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.80% |        3808      3.07%     47.87% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3805      3.07%     53.99% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.06%     63.20% |        3817      3.08%     66.28% |        3800      3.06%     69.34% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.65% |        3806      3.07%     84.72% |        3784      3.05%     87.77% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       124027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4723      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       150600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3338      3.07%      3.07% |        3299      3.03%      6.10% |        3020      2.78%      8.88% |        3048      2.80%     11.68% |        3096      2.85%     14.53% |        3609      3.32%     17.85% |        3310      3.04%     20.89% |        2851      2.62%     23.51% |        3076      2.83%     26.34% |        4600      4.23%     30.57% |        3405      3.13%     33.70% |        3319      3.05%     36.76% |        3042      2.80%     39.55% |        3823      3.52%     43.07% |        3371      3.10%     46.17% |        3274      3.01%     49.18% |        3669      3.37%     52.55% |        3679      3.38%     55.94% |        3166      2.91%     58.85% |        2900      2.67%     61.51% |        2632      2.42%     63.93% |        3209      2.95%     66.88% |        3058      2.81%     69.70% |        2937      2.70%     72.40% |        3152      2.90%     75.30% |        3202      2.94%     78.24% |        2709      2.49%     80.73% |        4192      3.85%     84.59% |        3519      3.24%     87.82% |        4712      4.33%     92.15% |        4561      4.19%     96.35% |        3971      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108749                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          38      5.58%      5.58% |          24      3.52%      9.10% |           6      0.88%      9.99% |          24      3.52%     13.51% |          15      2.20%     15.71% |         352     51.69%     67.40% |          22      3.23%     70.63% |           6      0.88%     71.51% |           3      0.44%     71.95% |           0      0.00%     71.95% |          12      1.76%     73.72% |           9      1.32%     75.04% |           3      0.44%     75.48% |           7      1.03%     76.51% |          22      3.23%     79.74% |           7      1.03%     80.76% |           5      0.73%     81.50% |           7      1.03%     82.53% |          57      8.37%     90.90% |          16      2.35%     93.25% |           0      0.00%     93.25% |          12      1.76%     95.01% |           4      0.59%     95.59% |           3      0.44%     96.04% |           5      0.73%     96.77% |           5      0.73%     97.50% |           2      0.29%     97.80% |           3      0.44%     98.24% |           3      0.44%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           2      0.29%     98.97% |           7      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           2      7.69%     38.46% |           4     15.38%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3     11.54%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           4     15.38%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     22.22%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           7     38.89%     77.78% |           1      5.56%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1      5.56%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           0      0.00%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2582     15.45%     15.45% |         358      2.14%     17.59% |         373      2.23%     19.82% |         372      2.23%     22.05% |         379      2.27%     24.31% |         368      2.20%     26.52% |         379      2.27%     28.78% |         385      2.30%     31.09% |         370      2.21%     33.30% |         381      2.28%     35.58% |         408      2.44%     38.02% |         406      2.43%     40.45% |         412      2.46%     42.91% |         408      2.44%     45.35% |         410      2.45%     47.81% |         403      2.41%     50.22% |        2601     15.56%     65.78% |         389      2.33%     68.11% |         387      2.32%     70.42% |         367      2.20%     72.62% |         362      2.17%     74.78% |         370      2.21%     77.00% |         371      2.22%     79.22% |         367      2.20%     81.41% |         396      2.37%     83.78% |         407      2.43%     86.22% |         413      2.47%     88.69% |         377      2.26%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.29%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      6.06%      6.06% |           8      8.08%     14.14% |           4      4.04%     18.18% |           7      7.07%     25.25% |           2      2.02%     27.27% |           6      6.06%     33.33% |           4      4.04%     37.37% |           1      1.01%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           0      0.00%     38.38% |           2      2.02%     40.40% |           3      3.03%     43.43% |           3      3.03%     46.46% |           1      1.01%     47.47% |           8      8.08%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      1.01%     56.57% |           1      1.01%     57.58% |          14     14.14%     71.72% |           3      3.03%     74.75% |           1      1.01%     75.76% |           3      3.03%     78.79% |           2      2.02%     80.81% |           3      3.03%     83.84% |           4      4.04%     87.88% |           2      2.02%     89.90% |           2      2.02%     91.92% |           2      2.02%     93.94% |           1      1.01%     94.95% |           0      0.00%     94.95% |           1      1.01%     95.96% |           4      4.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           99                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38240     28.14%     28.14% |        3910      2.88%     31.02% |        2559      1.88%     32.90% |        3477      2.56%     35.46% |        2872      2.11%     37.57% |        2338      1.72%     39.29% |        2274      1.67%     40.97% |        2453      1.81%     42.77% |        2723      2.00%     44.78% |        2732      2.01%     46.79% |        4787      3.52%     50.31% |        5325      3.92%     54.23% |        3898      2.87%     57.10% |        2597      1.91%     59.01% |        2099      1.54%     60.55% |        2513      1.85%     62.40% |        3426      2.52%     64.92% |        2743      2.02%     66.94% |        2988      2.20%     69.14% |        3145      2.31%     71.46% |        3404      2.51%     73.96% |        3819      2.81%     76.77% |        2804      2.06%     78.84% |        2818      2.07%     80.91% |        2752      2.03%     82.93% |        2662      1.96%     84.89% |        2506      1.84%     86.74% |        2212      1.63%     88.37% |        3309      2.44%     90.80% |        2620      1.93%     92.73% |        3466      2.55%     95.28% |        6414      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       135885                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       11239     13.64%     13.64% |        3061      3.71%     17.36% |        1589      1.93%     19.28% |        2771      3.36%     22.65% |        1926      2.34%     24.98% |        1853      2.25%     27.23% |        1444      1.75%     28.99% |        1947      2.36%     31.35% |        1840      2.23%     33.58% |        1460      1.77%     35.35% |        2171      2.63%     37.99% |        1921      2.33%     40.32% |        1725      2.09%     42.41% |        2102      2.55%     44.96% |        1389      1.69%     46.65% |        1464      1.78%     48.43% |        1520      1.84%     50.27% |        1549      1.88%     52.15% |        1709      2.07%     54.23% |        2572      3.12%     57.35% |        2973      3.61%     60.96% |        3541      4.30%     65.25% |        2392      2.90%     68.16% |        2437      2.96%     71.11% |        2553      3.10%     74.21% |        2188      2.66%     76.87% |        2222      2.70%     79.56% |        2260      2.74%     82.31% |        3728      4.52%     86.83% |        2868      3.48%     90.31% |        4421      5.37%     95.68% |        3561      4.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        82396                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6357      4.26%      4.26% |        4597      3.08%      7.34% |        4618      3.10%     10.44% |        4601      3.08%     13.52% |        4587      3.08%     16.60% |        4598      3.08%     19.68% |        4603      3.09%     22.77% |        4594      3.08%     25.85% |        4610      3.09%     28.94% |        4616      3.09%     32.03% |        4613      3.09%     35.13% |        4609      3.09%     38.22% |        4593      3.08%     41.29% |        4603      3.09%     44.38% |        4597      3.08%     47.46% |        4598      3.08%     50.55% |        4632      3.11%     53.65% |        4612      3.09%     56.74% |        4625      3.10%     59.84% |        4617      3.10%     62.94% |        4609      3.09%     66.03% |        4624      3.10%     69.13% |        4612      3.09%     72.22% |        4609      3.09%     75.31% |        4622      3.10%     78.41% |        4622      3.10%     81.51% |        4615      3.09%     84.60% |        4604      3.09%     87.69% |        4607      3.09%     90.78% |        4587      3.08%     93.85% |        4588      3.08%     96.93% |        4583      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       149162                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |         777      0.90%      0.90% |        2892      3.34%      4.24% |        2905      3.35%      7.59% |        2872      3.32%     10.91% |        2870      3.31%     14.22% |        2846      3.29%     17.51% |        2841      3.28%     20.79% |        2832      3.27%     24.06% |        2850      3.29%     27.35% |        2875      3.32%     30.67% |        2860      3.30%     33.97% |        2827      3.26%     37.24% |        2836      3.27%     40.51% |        2835      3.27%     43.78% |        2831      3.27%     47.05% |        2806      3.24%     50.29% |         634      0.73%     51.03% |        2826      3.26%     54.29% |        2830      3.27%     57.56% |        2817      3.25%     60.81% |        2842      3.28%     64.09% |        2818      3.25%     67.34% |        2833      3.27%     70.62% |        2813      3.25%     73.86% |        2831      3.27%     77.13% |        2849      3.29%     80.42% |        2830      3.27%     83.69% |        2808      3.24%     86.93% |        2845      3.29%     90.22% |        2840      3.28%     93.50% |        2815      3.25%     96.75% |        2816      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total        86602                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        3024     49.64%     49.64% |           1      0.02%     49.66% |           1      0.02%     49.67% |           1      0.02%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           0      0.00%     49.69% |           1      0.02%     49.70% |           0      0.00%     49.70% |           0      0.00%     49.70% |           1      0.02%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |           0      0.00%     49.72% |        3063     50.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         6092                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         508     49.85%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |           0      0.00%     49.85% |         511     50.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         1019                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       56792     11.79%     11.79% |       15374      3.19%     14.98% |       12582      2.61%     17.59% |       14636      3.04%     20.63% |       13164      2.73%     23.36% |       12549      2.60%     25.96% |       12077      2.51%     28.47% |       12738      2.64%     31.11% |       12935      2.68%     33.80% |       12596      2.61%     36.41% |       15346      3.18%     39.60% |       15600      3.24%     42.83% |       13971      2.90%     45.73% |       13054      2.71%     48.44% |       11839      2.46%     50.90% |       12295      2.55%     53.45% |       10370      2.15%     55.60% |       12645      2.62%     58.23% |       13078      2.71%     60.94% |       14065      2.92%     63.86% |       14741      3.06%     66.92% |       15717      3.26%     70.18% |       13558      2.81%     73.00% |       13594      2.82%     75.82% |       13676      2.84%     78.66% |       13238      2.75%     81.40% |       13089      2.72%     84.12% |       12799      2.66%     86.78% |       15402      3.20%     89.97% |       13825      2.87%     92.84% |       16198      3.36%     96.20% |       18287      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       481830                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      9.80%      9.80% |           7      6.86%     16.67% |           6      5.88%     22.55% |           6      5.88%     28.43% |           7      6.86%     35.29% |           6      5.88%     41.18% |           3      2.94%     44.12% |           2      1.96%     46.08% |           1      0.98%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           4      3.92%     50.98% |           1      0.98%     51.96% |           1      0.98%     52.94% |           2      1.96%     54.90% |           0      0.00%     54.90% |           1      0.98%     55.88% |           2      1.96%     57.84% |           0      0.00%     57.84% |           2      1.96%     59.80% |           1      0.98%     60.78% |           1      0.98%     61.76% |           5      4.90%     66.67% |           2      1.96%     68.63% |           1      0.98%     69.61% |           2      1.96%     71.57% |           1      0.98%     72.55% |           2      1.96%     74.51% |           2      1.96%     76.47% |           3      2.94%     79.41% |           7      6.86%     86.27% |           8      7.84%     94.12% |           6      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          102                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           6      0.67%      0.67% |          24      2.66%      3.33% |          25      2.77%      6.10% |          25      2.77%      8.88% |          26      2.89%     11.76% |          26      2.89%     14.65% |          28      3.11%     17.76% |          31      3.44%     21.20% |          32      3.55%     24.75% |          31      3.44%     28.19% |          31      3.44%     31.63% |          31      3.44%     35.07% |          31      3.44%     38.51% |          31      3.44%     41.95% |          35      3.88%     45.84% |          38      4.22%     50.06% |          21      2.33%     52.39% |          32      3.55%     55.94% |          30      3.33%     59.27% |          31      3.44%     62.71% |          32      3.55%     66.26% |          31      3.44%     69.70% |          32      3.55%     73.25% |          31      3.44%     76.69% |          30      3.33%     80.02% |          31      3.44%     83.46% |          30      3.33%     86.79% |          30      3.33%     90.12% |          29      3.22%     93.34% |          23      2.55%     95.89% |          18      2.00%     97.89% |          19      2.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total          901                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     30.00%     30.00% |           2     20.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     20.00%     70.00% |           1     10.00%     80.00% |           2     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        9819      3.86%      3.86% |        7901      3.11%      6.97% |        7950      3.13%     10.10% |        7899      3.11%     13.21% |        7889      3.10%     16.31% |        7867      3.09%     19.40% |        7877      3.10%     22.50% |        7864      3.09%     25.60% |        7883      3.10%     28.70% |        7924      3.12%     31.81% |        7936      3.12%     34.94% |        7894      3.11%     38.04% |        7893      3.10%     41.15% |        7899      3.11%     44.25% |        7894      3.11%     47.36% |        7866      3.09%     50.45% |        7910      3.11%     53.56% |        7879      3.10%     56.66% |        7894      3.11%     59.77% |        7853      3.09%     62.86% |        7866      3.09%     65.95% |        7869      3.10%     69.05% |        7870      3.10%     72.14% |        7842      3.08%     75.23% |        7902      3.11%     78.34% |        7930      3.12%     81.46% |        7910      3.11%     84.57% |        7841      3.08%     87.65% |        7883      3.10%     90.75% |        7856      3.09%     93.84% |        7831      3.08%     96.92% |        7820      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       254211                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          34      5.18%      5.18% |          21      3.20%      8.37% |          20      3.04%     11.42% |          21      3.20%     14.61% |          20      3.04%     17.66% |          21      3.20%     20.85% |          20      3.04%     23.90% |          20      3.04%     26.94% |          20      3.04%     29.98% |          20      3.04%     33.03% |          20      3.04%     36.07% |          20      3.04%     39.12% |          20      3.04%     42.16% |          20      3.04%     45.21% |          20      3.04%     48.25% |          20      3.04%     51.29% |          20      3.04%     54.34% |          20      3.04%     57.38% |          20      3.04%     60.43% |          20      3.04%     63.47% |          20      3.04%     66.51% |          20      3.04%     69.56% |          20      3.04%     72.60% |          20      3.04%     75.65% |          20      3.04%     78.69% |          20      3.04%     81.74% |          20      3.04%     84.78% |          20      3.04%     87.82% |          20      3.04%     90.87% |          20      3.04%     93.91% |          20      3.04%     96.96% |          20      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          51     58.62%     58.62% |           1      1.15%     59.77% |           1      1.15%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           0      0.00%     60.92% |           2      2.30%     63.22% |           0      0.00%     63.22% |           1      1.15%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           0      0.00%     64.37% |           2      2.30%     66.67% |           1      1.15%     67.82% |           1      1.15%     68.97% |           2      2.30%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           0      0.00%     71.26% |           1      1.15%     72.41% |           0      0.00%     72.41% |           2      2.30%     74.71% |           1      1.15%     75.86% |           0      0.00%     75.86% |           3      3.45%     79.31% |           2      2.30%     81.61% |           1      1.15%     82.76% |           2      2.30%     85.06% |           1      1.15%     86.21% |           2      2.30%     88.51% |           2      2.30%     90.80% |           3      3.45%     94.25% |           2      2.30%     96.55% |           2      2.30%     98.85% |           1      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           87                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |          11     16.42%     16.42% |           6      8.96%     25.37% |           5      7.46%     32.84% |           6      8.96%     41.79% |           7     10.45%     52.24% |           4      5.97%     58.21% |           3      4.48%     62.69% |           1      1.49%     64.18% |           1      1.49%     65.67% |           0      0.00%     65.67% |           2      2.99%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           0      0.00%     68.66% |           1      1.49%     70.15% |           1      1.49%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           0      0.00%     71.64% |           1      1.49%     73.13% |           2      2.99%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           0      0.00%     76.12% |           5      7.46%     83.58% |           6      8.96%     92.54% |           5      7.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          52    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           1      0.58%      0.58% |           3      1.74%      2.33% |           6      3.49%      5.81% |           6      3.49%      9.30% |           6      3.49%     12.79% |           4      2.33%     15.12% |           4      2.33%     17.44% |           8      4.65%     22.09% |           7      4.07%     26.16% |           7      4.07%     30.23% |           5      2.91%     33.14% |           5      2.91%     36.05% |           7      4.07%     40.12% |           4      2.33%     42.44% |           7      4.07%     46.51% |           4      2.33%     48.84% |           2      1.16%     50.00% |           6      3.49%     53.49% |           8      4.65%     58.14% |           6      3.49%     61.63% |           5      2.91%     64.53% |           6      3.49%     68.02% |           9      5.23%     73.26% |           5      2.91%     76.16% |           5      2.91%     79.07% |           5      2.91%     81.98% |           6      3.49%     85.47% |           6      3.49%     88.95% |           5      2.91%     91.86% |           4      2.33%     94.19% |           6      3.49%     97.67% |           4      2.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          172                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           5      0.69%      0.69% |          21      2.88%      3.57% |          19      2.61%      6.17% |          19      2.61%      8.78% |          20      2.74%     11.52% |          22      3.02%     14.54% |          24      3.29%     17.83% |          23      3.16%     20.99% |          25      3.43%     24.42% |          24      3.29%     27.71% |          26      3.57%     31.28% |          26      3.57%     34.84% |          24      3.29%     38.13% |          27      3.70%     41.84% |          28      3.84%     45.68% |          34      4.66%     50.34% |          19      2.61%     52.95% |          26      3.57%     56.52% |          22      3.02%     59.53% |          25      3.43%     62.96% |          27      3.70%     66.67% |          25      3.43%     70.10% |          23      3.16%     73.25% |          26      3.57%     76.82% |          25      3.43%     80.25% |          26      3.57%     83.81% |          24      3.29%     87.11% |          24      3.29%     90.40% |          24      3.29%     93.69% |          19      2.61%     96.30% |          12      1.65%     97.94% |          15      2.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total          729                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2183     49.92%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |           0      0.00%     49.92% |        2190     50.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         4373                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2582     15.45%     15.45% |         358      2.14%     17.59% |         373      2.23%     19.82% |         372      2.23%     22.05% |         379      2.27%     24.31% |         368      2.20%     26.52% |         379      2.27%     28.78% |         385      2.30%     31.09% |         370      2.21%     33.30% |         381      2.28%     35.58% |         408      2.44%     38.02% |         406      2.43%     40.45% |         412      2.46%     42.91% |         408      2.44%     45.35% |         410      2.45%     47.81% |         403      2.41%     50.22% |        2601     15.56%     65.78% |         389      2.33%     68.11% |         387      2.32%     70.42% |         367      2.20%     72.62% |         362      2.17%     74.78% |         370      2.21%     77.00% |         371      2.22%     79.22% |         367      2.20%     81.41% |         396      2.37%     83.78% |         407      2.43%     86.22% |         413      2.47%     88.69% |         377      2.26%     90.94% |         379      2.27%     93.21% |         379      2.27%     95.48% |         382      2.29%     97.76% |         374      2.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           2      9.09%     13.64% |           3     13.64%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           2      9.09%     45.45% |           3     13.64%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           0      0.00%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           1      4.55%     77.27% |           0      0.00%     77.27% |           1      4.55%     81.82% |           1      4.55%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           2      9.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          13     81.25%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           3     18.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        5727      4.62%      4.62% |        3870      3.12%      7.74% |        3893      3.14%     10.88% |        3839      3.10%     13.97% |        3831      3.09%     17.06% |        3815      3.08%     20.14% |        3812      3.07%     23.21% |        3808      3.07%     26.28% |        3824      3.08%     29.37% |        3854      3.11%     32.48% |        3857      3.11%     35.59% |        3799      3.06%     38.65% |        3805      3.07%     41.72% |        3813      3.07%     44.79% |        3808      3.07%     47.86% |        3787      3.05%     50.92% |        3802      3.07%     53.98% |        3803      3.07%     57.05% |        3818      3.08%     60.13% |        3801      3.07%     63.19% |        3817      3.08%     66.27% |        3800      3.06%     69.33% |        3824      3.08%     72.42% |        3792      3.06%     75.48% |        3811      3.07%     78.55% |        3838      3.09%     81.64% |        3806      3.07%     84.71% |        3784      3.05%     87.76% |        3822      3.08%     90.85% |        3799      3.06%     93.91% |        3768      3.04%     96.95% |        3784      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       124011                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         411      3.32%      3.32% |         358      2.89%      6.22% |         375      3.03%      9.25% |         371      3.00%     12.25% |         378      3.06%     15.31% |         365      2.95%     18.26% |         379      3.06%     21.32% |         386      3.12%     24.44% |         373      3.02%     27.46% |         383      3.10%     30.55% |         407      3.29%     33.85% |         404      3.27%     37.11% |         412      3.33%     40.44% |         407      3.29%     43.73% |         408      3.30%     47.03% |         405      3.27%     50.31% |         416      3.36%     53.67% |         390      3.15%     56.82% |         388      3.14%     59.96% |         370      2.99%     62.95% |         364      2.94%     65.90% |         370      2.99%     68.89% |         369      2.98%     71.87% |         367      2.97%     74.84% |         395      3.19%     78.03% |         406      3.28%     81.31% |         412      3.33%     84.65% |         379      3.06%     87.71% |         382      3.09%     90.80% |         382      3.09%     93.89% |         384      3.10%     96.99% |         372      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12368                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        4705      3.12%      3.12% |        4697      3.12%      6.24% |        4706      3.12%      9.37% |        4713      3.13%     12.50% |        4704      3.12%     15.62% |        4711      3.13%     18.75% |        4710      3.13%     21.88% |        4694      3.12%     24.99% |        4710      3.13%     28.12% |        4711      3.13%     31.25% |        4696      3.12%     34.37% |        4715      3.13%     37.50% |        4700      3.12%     40.62% |        4703      3.12%     43.74% |        4702      3.12%     46.86% |        4698      3.12%     49.98% |        4716      3.13%     53.11% |        4710      3.13%     56.24% |        4712      3.13%     59.37% |        4706      3.12%     62.50% |        4709      3.13%     65.62% |        4723      3.14%     68.76% |        4701      3.12%     71.88% |        4707      3.13%     75.01% |        4720      3.13%     78.14% |        4710      3.13%     81.27% |        4716      3.13%     84.40% |        4702      3.12%     87.52% |        4703      3.12%     90.64% |        4699      3.12%     93.76% |        4703      3.12%     96.89% |        4688      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       150600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.82%      6.82% |           6     13.64%     20.45% |           3      6.82%     27.27% |           4      9.09%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           0      0.00%     36.36% |           3      6.82%     43.18% |           0      0.00%     43.18% |           4      9.09%     52.27% |           0      0.00%     52.27% |           1      2.27%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |          11     25.00%     79.55% |           2      4.55%     84.09% |           0      0.00%     84.09% |           1      2.27%     86.36% |           0      0.00%     86.36% |           1      2.27%     88.64% |           1      2.27%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      2.27%     93.18% |           2      4.55%     97.73% |           1      2.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       60419     12.23%     12.23% |       15538      3.15%     15.38% |       12747      2.58%     17.96% |       14800      3.00%     20.96% |       13333      2.70%     23.66% |       12717      2.57%     26.23% |       12240      2.48%     28.71% |       12902      2.61%     31.32% |       13097      2.65%     33.97% |       12757      2.58%     36.56% |       15511      3.14%     39.70% |       15760      3.19%     42.89% |       14128      2.86%     45.75% |       13215      2.68%     48.42% |       11998      2.43%     50.85% |       12462      2.52%     53.37% |       13975      2.83%     56.20% |       12805      2.59%     58.80% |       13227      2.68%     61.47% |       14224      2.88%     64.35% |       14903      3.02%     67.37% |       15883      3.22%     70.59% |       13721      2.78%     73.37% |       13754      2.78%     76.15% |       13836      2.80%     78.95% |       13398      2.71%     81.66% |       13250      2.68%     84.35% |       12958      2.62%     86.97% |       15562      3.15%     90.12% |       13986      2.83%     92.95% |       16358      3.31%     96.27% |       18447      3.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       493911                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        2936     50.53%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |           0      0.00%     50.53% |        2874     49.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         5810                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          88     31.77%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |         189     68.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          277                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          88     31.77%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |           0      0.00%     31.77% |         189     68.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          277                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        2936     50.49%     50.49% |           1      0.02%     50.51% |           1      0.02%     50.52% |           1      0.02%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           0      0.00%     50.54% |           1      0.02%     50.56% |           0      0.00%     50.56% |           0      0.00%     50.56% |           1      0.02%     50.58% |           0      0.00%     50.58% |           0      0.00%     50.58% |           0      0.00%     50.58% |           0      0.00%     50.58% |           0      0.00%     50.58% |           0      0.00%     50.58% |        2874     49.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         5815                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       16641     10.35%     10.35% |       80395     50.00%     60.35% |        7665      4.77%     65.12% |        7978      4.96%     70.08% |        8358      5.20%     75.28% |        7601      4.73%     80.00% |        7826      4.87%     84.87% |        7611      4.73%     89.60% |        8394      5.22%     94.82% |        8321      5.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       160790                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       16641     10.35%     10.35% |       80395     50.00%     60.35% |        7665      4.77%     65.12% |        7978      4.96%     70.08% |        8358      5.20%     75.28% |        7601      4.73%     80.00% |        7826      4.87%     84.87% |        7611      4.73%     89.60% |        8394      5.22%     94.82% |        8321      5.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       160790                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       16641     10.35%     10.35% |       80395     50.00%     60.35% |        7665      4.77%     65.12% |        7978      4.96%     70.08% |        8358      5.20%     75.28% |        7601      4.73%     80.00% |        7826      4.87%     84.87% |        7611      4.73%     89.60% |        8394      5.22%     94.82% |        8321      5.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       160790                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       16641     10.35%     10.35% |       80395     50.00%     60.35% |        7665      4.77%     65.12% |        7978      4.96%     70.08% |        8358      5.20%     75.28% |        7601      4.73%     80.00% |        7826      4.87%     84.87% |        7611      4.73%     89.60% |        8394      5.22%     94.82% |        8321      5.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       160790                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
