
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.057325                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 57325221500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5233493300000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  28805                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    50879                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               70628397                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4440796                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   811.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    23379713                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      41295400                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     12635456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          12635456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      8054080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        8054080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       197429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             197429                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125845                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            125845                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    220417046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            220417046                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    140498018                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           140498018                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    360915064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           360915064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     197429                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    125845                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   197429                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  125845                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              12633536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                8053952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               12635456                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             8054080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            12091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            12187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            12069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            12465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            12211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            12289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            12504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            12670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            12424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            12796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           12433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           12736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           12260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           12051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           12282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           11931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             7803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             7674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             7830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             7850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             7806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             7896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             8002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             8044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             7939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             8083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            7892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            7931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            7762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            7815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            7890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            7626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    10252                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     4510                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  57324729500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               197429                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              125845                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  77034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  12304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  10681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   9117                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   8262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   7760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   7163                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   6235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   5543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   5018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  4347                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  3809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  3375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  2888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  2147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  2029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1271                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1021                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 11180                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  18661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  21113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  21915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  22088                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  21936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   5936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   5619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   8577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        83686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   247.192983                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.833065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   224.262277                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        25750     30.77%     30.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        22227     26.56%     57.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21298     25.45%     82.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4577      5.47%     88.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3543      4.23%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1629      1.95%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1113      1.33%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          829      0.99%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2720      3.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        83686                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        19305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.224864                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    30.464455                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        19295     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            9      0.05%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        19305                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        19305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.518674                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.055021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.029568                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          15403     79.79%     79.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2000     10.36%     90.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1023      5.30%     95.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          879      4.55%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        19305                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 16052328755                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            19753560005                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 986995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    81319.20                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              100069.20                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      220.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      140.50                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   220.42                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   140.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.32                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  153963                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  85583                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               68.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    177325.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11627423500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1914120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    43781200500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              319485600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              313157880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              174322500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              170869875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             768159600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             771459000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            407598480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            407831760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3744018720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3744018720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22712037030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        22191058170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        14470741500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        14927740500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          42596363430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          42526135905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          743.098489                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          741.873361                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     12407104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          12407104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      7836672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        7836672                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       193861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             193861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       122448                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            122448                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    216433599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            216433599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    136705481                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           136705481                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    353139080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           353139080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     193861                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    122448                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   193861                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  122448                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              12404800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                7836672                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               12407104                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             7836672                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            11881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            11968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            11839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            12226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            12007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            12099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            12313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            12460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            12187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            12565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           12192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           12547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           12031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           11818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           11963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           11729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             7601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             7484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             7629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             7639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             7608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             7699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             7780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             7824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             7725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             7868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            7674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            7719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            7553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            7617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            7429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     7843                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     4246                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  57324451500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               193861                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              122448                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  75841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  11135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  10486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   9385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   8738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   7738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   7072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   6205                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   4886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  4459                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  4033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  3026                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1406                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  1147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1063                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  8740                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  18149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  20543                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  21349                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  21549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  21488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   5726                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   5520                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   8124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        76727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   263.801582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.818515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   229.628047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19813     25.82%     25.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21142     27.55%     53.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21363     27.84%     81.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4376      5.70%     86.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3677      4.79%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1572      2.05%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1117      1.46%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          816      1.06%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2851      3.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        76727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.310884                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.022566                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18792     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        18798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.513884                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.054590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.005004                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14870     79.10%     79.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2158     11.48%     90.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          925      4.92%     95.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          845      4.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        18798                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 14989661459                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            18623880209                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 969125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    77336.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               96086.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      216.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      136.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   216.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   136.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  152629                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  86909                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    181229.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   75.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11892578250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1914120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    43515948000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              293350680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              286652520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              160062375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              156407625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             754946400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             756779400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            396932400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            396465840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3744018720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3744018720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22487642280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21930726915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        14667577500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        15156099750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          42504530355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          42427150770                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          741.496482                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          740.146586                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     12406912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          12406912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      7836864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        7836864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       193858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             193858                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       122451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            122451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    216430250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            216430250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    136708831                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           136708831                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    353139080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           353139080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     193858                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    122451                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   193858                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  122451                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              12405248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1664                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                7836736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               12406912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             7836864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    26                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            11874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            11992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            11863                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            12270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            12013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            12075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            12286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            12458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            12174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            12546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           12205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           12587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           12027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           11781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           11952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           11729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             7593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             7481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             7627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             7648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             7604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             7683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             7773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             7834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             7728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             7869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            7674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            7730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            7561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            7589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            7623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            7432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     8310                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     4069                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  57325083500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               193858                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              122451                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                  75841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  10965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  10147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   9345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   8732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   7952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   7255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   6362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   5210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  4532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  3000                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2636                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1726                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  1052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   707                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  9184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  18168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  20527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  21334                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  21546                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  21534                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   5851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   5521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   7970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        76362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   265.070061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.390339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   228.921760                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        19371     25.37%     25.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        20830     27.28%     52.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21781     28.52%     81.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4411      5.78%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3654      4.79%     91.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1600      2.10%     93.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1084      1.42%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          801      1.05%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2830      3.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        76362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18771                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.325982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.072082                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18766     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        18771                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.523307                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.058338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.025364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14877     79.26%     79.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2059     10.97%     90.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          997      5.31%     95.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          838      4.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        18771                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 15081648176                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            18715998176                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                 969160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    77807.83                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               96557.83                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      216.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      136.71                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   216.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   136.71                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  152806                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  87106                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               71.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    181231.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   75.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11875723250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1914120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    43532803000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              290818080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              286403040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              158680500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              156271500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             755235000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             756537600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            396796320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            396608400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3744018720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3744018720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        22238596170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21737708955                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        14886039000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        15325413750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          42470183790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          42402961965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          740.897302                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          739.724610                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     12386560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          12386560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      7835136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        7835136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       193540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             193540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       122424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            122424                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    216075223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            216075223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    136678687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           136678687                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    352753910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           352753910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     193540                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    122424                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   193540                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  122424                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              12385216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                7835008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               12386560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             7835136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            11864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            11949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            11805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            12224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            11962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            12051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            12269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            12451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            12172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            12542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           12226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           12516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           12015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           11776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           11974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           11723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             7600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             7469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             7625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             7637                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             7599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             7685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             7774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             7825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             7727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             7870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            7678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            7738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            7557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            7596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            7619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            7423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     7529                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     4192                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  57324180000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               193540                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              122424                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                  75526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  11103                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  10339                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   9262                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   8661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   8137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   7179                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   6618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5884                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   5168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  4534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  4018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2992                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2725                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  2162                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1453                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1372                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1220                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   659                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  8411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  18090                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  20478                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  21342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  21551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  21471                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   5865                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   5490                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   8137                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        76081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   265.767274                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   192.385005                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   229.223753                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        18767     24.67%     24.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        21452     28.20%     52.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        21495     28.25%     81.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4491      5.90%     87.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3579      4.70%     91.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1519      2.00%     93.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1138      1.50%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          778      1.02%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2862      3.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        76081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.316948                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.726866                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        18751     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        18757                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18757                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.526737                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.063561                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.017241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          14829     79.06%     79.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2100     11.20%     90.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          971      5.18%     95.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          857      4.57%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        18757                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 14795961973                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            18424443223                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                 967595000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    76457.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               95207.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      216.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      136.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   216.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   136.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  152442                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  87413                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    181426.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   75.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11623286000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1914120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    43785802500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              289389240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              285730200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              157900875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              155904375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             753253800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             756116400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            396647280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            396614880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3744018720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3744018720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        22221733005                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21504527370                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        14900831250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        15529959000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          42463774170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          42372870945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          740.785486                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          739.199669                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1132                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              212                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          424                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          783                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4013                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4861                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              441088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              109088                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          380                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1556480                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          380                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7052400                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 63.422423                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.162840                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               138.479364                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     6643921     94.21%     94.21% |      174577      2.48%     96.68% |      148535      2.11%     98.79% |       82264      1.17%     99.96% |        3091      0.04%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7052400                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     16969167                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.425586                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.704657                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.062327                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    15552224     91.65%     91.65% |      936515      5.52%     97.17% |       44064      0.26%     97.43% |       41813      0.25%     97.67% |       49512      0.29%     97.97% |       55973      0.33%     98.30% |       63975      0.38%     98.67% |      104607      0.62%     99.29% |      120484      0.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      16969167                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            16969166                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              29.573885                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.052522                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            145.849411                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    16868671     99.41%     99.41% |       92485      0.55%     99.95% |        7165      0.04%    100.00% |         807      0.00%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              16969166                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        15791931                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000350                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000297                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.020702                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15786646     99.97%     99.97% |        5236      0.03%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          15791931                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1177235                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        386.042593                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       228.627411                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       412.409909                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1076740     91.46%     91.46% |       92485      7.86%     99.32% |        7165      0.61%     99.93% |         807      0.07%    100.00% |          37      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1177235                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     4702208                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    3964928                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         375642                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       375642                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           68                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           47                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           44                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           47                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     11950323                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       509950                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     12460273                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3837536                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124094                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3961630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       402494                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22404                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       137165                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1529383                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        47695                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           48                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           48                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68394                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        20687                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68399                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        20880                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          506                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67900                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        21615                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68407                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        21129                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          513                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68404                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        20530                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          510                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68399                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        21202                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          503                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68401                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        21541                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          503                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        67903                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        68406                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        21659                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        53431                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        27940                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        81371                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        12401                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        24284                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        36685                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        12231                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        24298                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        36529                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        10453                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        24235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        34688                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9846                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        24248                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        34094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        10413                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        24221                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        34634                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         9235                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        24256                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        33491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         9751                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        24186                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        33937                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11329                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        24313                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        35642                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        10264                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        24213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        34477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        10475                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        24216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        34691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        10822                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        24211                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        35033                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         8757                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        24291                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        33048                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        10990                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        24196                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        35186                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        16501                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        24237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        40738                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        10528                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        24204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        34732                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        10433                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        24171                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        34604                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10679                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        24226                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        34905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        10686                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        24262                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        34948                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        10189                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        24228                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        34417                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        11338                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        24170                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        35508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        12459                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        24203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        36662                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        13163                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        24198                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        11707                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        24237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        35944                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        15042                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        24176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39218                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        18381                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        24169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        42550                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9174                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        24197                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        33371                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        24185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        33812                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8663                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        24209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        32872                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         8773                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        24215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        32988                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits         9736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        24230                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        33966                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10854                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        24280                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        35134                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        67338                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     10289209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     10289209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10563397                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10289209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4997289                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4896173                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     10289209                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.089744                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5680135                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5680135                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5972822                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5680135                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3496385                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3348403                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5680135                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.049543                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3927584                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3927584                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4124638                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3927584                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1664926                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1646108                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3927584                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.034257                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3490258                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3490258                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3675084                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3490258                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1542509                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1531490                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3490258                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.030443                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      4189133                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      4189133                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4424304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4189133                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2134809                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2082465                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      4189133                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.036538                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      4101972                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      4101972                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4324518                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4101972                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1980047                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1957600                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      4101972                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.035778                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4762819                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4762819                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5025423                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4762819                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1870770                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1842883                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4762819                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.041542                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3522685                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3522685                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3765887                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3522685                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1518856                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1489405                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3522685                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.030725                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2411568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2411568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2526509                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2411568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1096020                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1079808                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2411568                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.021034                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2972284                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2972284                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3171708                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2972284                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1456718                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1423528                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2972284                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.025925                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2041296                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2041296                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2108694                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2041296                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       829442                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       822028                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2041296                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.017805                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      1728398                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      1728398                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1742067                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1728398                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity       694643                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity       694410                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      1728398                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.015075                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2154147                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2154147                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2173847                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2154147                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       974641                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       974263                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2154147                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.018789                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1805162                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1805162                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1820613                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1805162                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       733616                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       733298                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1805162                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.015745                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1075269                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1075269                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1091752                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1075269                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       416671                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415713                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1075269                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.009379                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1582299                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1582299                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1621071                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1582299                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       621417                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       619803                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1582299                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.013801                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2110652                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2110652                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2152846                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2110652                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       776158                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       773416                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2110652                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.018409                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1672583                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1672583                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1719408                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1672583                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       638591                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       635019                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1672583                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.014589                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1633183                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1633183                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1691026                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1633183                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       652316                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       649187                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1633183                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.014245                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       946391                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       946391                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       958079                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       946391                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       374699                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       374315                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       946391                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.008255                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       919058                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       919058                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       921420                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       919058                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       415228                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       415206                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       919058                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.008016                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      1153513                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      1153513                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1157103                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1153513                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       550740                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       550425                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      1153513                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.010061                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       998395                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       998395                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1002107                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       998395                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       440783                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       440735                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       998395                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008708                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       626868                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       626868                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       626868                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       626868                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258144                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258144                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       626868                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005468                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       865870                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       865870                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       868008                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       865870                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       363570                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       363534                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       865870                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007552                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      1079706                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      1079706                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1083279                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1079706                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507541                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507262                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      1079706                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.009417                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       985845                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       985845                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       989556                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       985845                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428122                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428061                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       985845                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008599                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       632390                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       632390                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       632390                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       632390                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       258854                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       258854                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       632390                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005516                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3928658                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3928658                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4175175                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3928658                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1639705                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1635698                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3928658                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.034266                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3836876                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3836876                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4024777                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3836876                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1554585                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1549204                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3836876                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033466                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3870495                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3870495                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4091998                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3870495                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1546082                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1538591                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3870495                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.033759                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      4019526                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      4019526                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4226823                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4019526                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1625937                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1617058                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      4019526                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035059                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6907222     31.10%     31.10% |    14236983     64.10%     95.20% |     1067045      4.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     22211250                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6907222     31.10%     31.10% |    14236983     64.10%     95.20% |     1067045      4.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     22211250                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   239924856                       |   357434353                       |    24447897                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   627108732                       |    56295527                       |     1067045                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   34.735362                       |   25.106046                       |   22.911777                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   90.790296                       |    3.954175                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.995142                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    30.816424                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         58.811567                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003036                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.072336      7.73%      7.73% |    0.072149      7.71%     15.45% |    0.070588      7.55%     23.00% |    0.070176      7.50%     30.50% |    0.152481     16.30%     46.80% |    0.148804     15.91%     62.71% |    0.152443     16.30%     79.01% |    0.148795     15.91%     94.92% |    0.011863      1.27%     96.19% |    0.011871      1.27%     97.46% |    0.011868      1.27%     98.73% |    0.011865      1.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.935238                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.023172                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027333                       |    0.000001                       |    0.002843                       |    0.002844                       |    0.002845                       |    0.002844                       |    0.002846                       |    0.002845                       |    0.002845                       |    0.002847                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005313                       |    0.002812                       |    0.002624                       |    0.002774                       |    0.002638                       |    0.002656                       |    0.002611                       |    0.002622                       |    0.002671                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002803                       |    0.002707                       |    0.002678                       |    0.002699                       |    0.002643                       |    0.002667                       |    0.002755                       |    0.002692                       |    0.002707                       |    0.002727                       |    0.002738                       |    0.003025                       |    0.002711                       |    0.002705                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002722                       |    0.002697                       |    0.002741                       |    0.002808                       |    0.002833                       |    0.002931                       |    0.003111                       |    0.010318                       |    0.010128                       |    0.010128                       |    0.010112                       |    0.000213                       |           0                       |    0.002960                       |    0.006239                       |    0.000406                       |    0.000412                       |    0.000414                       |    0.000414                       |    0.000400                       |    0.000414                       |    0.000407                       |    0.000412                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002793                       |    0.000216                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002951                       |    0.002057                       |    0.003549                       |    0.002718                       |    0.000407                       |    0.003690                       |    0.007720                       |    0.002950                       |           0                       |    0.002862                       |    0.007611                       |           0                       |    0.007898                       |    0.011976                       |    0.003919                       |    0.003549                       |    0.002671                       |    0.000406                       |    0.008212                       |    0.007608                       |    0.011811                       |    0.003548                       |    0.002819                       |    0.000412                       |    0.010937                       |    0.007295                       |    0.005432                       |           0                       |    0.002850                       |    0.007429                       |           0                       |    0.011179                       |    0.007168                       |    0.004840                       |           0                       |    0.002747                       |           0                       |    0.005427                       |    0.003583                       |    0.003318                       |           0                       |    0.002775                       |           0                       |    0.002720                       |    0.002058                       |           0                       |    0.002994                       |           0                       |    0.001375                       |    0.003025                       |    0.002667                       |    0.003549                       |    0.002714                       |    0.000412                       |    0.004262                       |    0.004519                       |    0.007850                       |    0.002620                       |    0.003549                       |    0.002679                       |    0.000414                       |    0.005208                       |    0.010066                       |    0.010851                       |    0.003771                       |    0.032199                       |    0.004505                       |    0.002960                       |    0.005471                       |    0.015819                       |    0.022783                       |    0.006007                       |    0.000003                       |    0.002843                       |    0.006239                       |    0.005625                       |    0.013199                       |    0.015651                       |    0.005984                       |    0.003548                       |    0.002684                       |    0.000414                       |    0.007783                       |    0.008072                       |    0.008456                       |    0.004822                       |           0                       |    0.002729                       |           0                       |    0.002481                       |    0.005400                       |    0.004283                       |    0.003896                       |           0                       |    0.002769                       |           0                       |    0.001249                       |    0.002722                       |    0.002677                       |           0                       |    0.002774                       |           0                       |    0.000461                       |    0.002711                       |    0.002763                       |           0                       |    0.002802                       |           0                       |    0.003906                       |    0.003329                       |    0.005071                       |    0.002696                       |           0                       |    0.002949                       |    0.007430                       |           0                       |    0.003054                       |    0.007894                       |    0.009719                       |    0.002714                       |    0.003549                       |    0.002658                       |    0.000400                       |    0.018276                       |    0.008202                       |    0.005669                       |    0.002789                       |    0.003548                       |    0.002685                       |    0.000414                       |    0.004205                       |    0.011026                       |    0.006123                       |    0.002724                       |           0                       |    0.003044                       |    0.007423                       |           0                       |    0.003974                       |    0.011415                       |    0.006452                       |    0.002751                       |           0                       |    0.002723                       |           0                       |    0.001615                       |    0.005396                       |    0.003224                       |    0.002786                       |           0                       |    0.002772                       |           0                       |    0.000355                       |    0.002697                       |    0.002775                       |           0                       |    0.002763                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002705                       |           0                       |    0.002696                       |           0                       |    0.001777                       |           0                       |    0.004906                       |           0                       |    0.002714                       |           0                       |    0.003656                       |    0.001334                       |    0.006097                       |           0                       |    0.002789                       |           0                       |    0.008933                       |    0.003515                       |    0.003174                       |           0                       |    0.002724                       |           0                       |    0.001777                       |    0.006769                       |    0.003318                       |           0                       |    0.002751                       |           0                       |    0.005495                       |    0.005999                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002786                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005468                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002775                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002741                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.935238                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         5108712                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      5108712                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       303342                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      3492139                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         2866090                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     82.072621                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          376693                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30074                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             10074045                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              55056                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             8047884                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            103623                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         10129101                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         8151507                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  18121929                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  158679                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              18280608                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              3968684                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9453                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          3978137                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   3968684                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9453                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               3978137                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                111089400                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     14903270                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               30168180                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             5108712                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      3242783                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              91233990                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          686412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             140673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       165373                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       238387                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3365                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       320570                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           3968051                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        154080                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3828                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    107348834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.515035                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.783356                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         96921497     90.29%     90.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1588672      1.48%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2           841547      0.78%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           771293      0.72%     93.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4           857199      0.80%     94.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           875956      0.82%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           774881      0.72%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           497427      0.46%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          4220362      3.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    107348834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.045987                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.271567                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles          9329472                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      90115253                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           4715847                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       2845049                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         343206                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       51617668                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         343206                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         10498737                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        52200625                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      7426088                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           6266582                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      30613589                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       50277120                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65171                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2493564                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         413404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       27097231                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     52325854                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     123700870                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups     77304555                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          125                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      41888059                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         10437780                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       196346                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       198374                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          19219087                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      5099414                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8314056                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads       767961                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       592593                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           49009742                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       301346                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          51795250                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       215547                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7782996                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12495183                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        67865                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    107348834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482495                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.226451                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     86417923     80.50%     80.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7879466      7.34%     87.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5482194      5.11%     92.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2523844      2.35%     95.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2065180      1.92%     97.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1540999      1.44%     98.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       878527      0.82%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       342621      0.32%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       218080      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    107348834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          106617     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         680237     77.50%     89.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         90847     10.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       235514      0.45%      0.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      33251161     64.20%     64.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        30898      0.06%     64.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52180      0.10%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10038715     19.38%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8186780     15.81%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       51795250                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.466248                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              877701                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.016946                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    212032498                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     57101513                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     45654361                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           84                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          198                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           34                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       52437394                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              43                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       914268                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1175524                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2684                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7773                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       512600                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5954422                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         343206                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         4684517                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      44998308                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     49311088                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114032                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       5099414                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8314056                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       292249                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          88338                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      44816737                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7773                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       134148                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       224889                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       359037                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      51282058                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       9886260                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       355046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             17943557                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          3895215                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            8057297                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.461629                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               45734403                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              45654395                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          25501941                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          41763381                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.410970                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.610629                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8006343                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       233481                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       316673                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    106071936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.389315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.213542                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     90049119     84.89%     84.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      5738713      5.41%     90.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      5155784      4.86%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1995954      1.88%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       993377      0.94%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       359425      0.34%     98.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       219234      0.21%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       311423      0.29%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1248907      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    106071936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     23379712                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       41295397                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               11725341                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               3923886                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5781                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            3521349                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  6                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          40943505                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       299769                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       111270      0.27%      0.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     29378295     71.14%     71.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        29695      0.07%     71.48% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50794      0.12%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      3923886      9.50%     81.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      7801455     18.89%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     41295397                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1248907                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            154036590                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes            99885740                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   84755                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3740566                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3560628                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            23379712                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              41295397                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.751530                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.751530                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.210459                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.210459                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads         80215153                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        33384140                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                38                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               60                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          19284907                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         12949623                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        26287006                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         190684                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2046301000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2046301000.000002                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3273370                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean       105.931817                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       41.944988                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      194.332984                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2865124     87.53%     87.53% |      174344      5.33%     92.85% |      148535      4.54%     97.39% |       82264      2.51%     99.91% |        3091      0.09%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3273370                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       3763216                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.620194                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.106614                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.423638                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     3727853     99.06%     99.06% |       31585      0.84%     99.90% |        2899      0.08%     99.98% |         646      0.02%     99.99% |         163      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         3763216                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         15814                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.051790                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.717165                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.200468                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         564      3.57%      3.57% |        1977     12.50%     16.07% |        7260     45.91%     61.98% |        3575     22.61%     84.58% |        2405     15.21%     99.79% |          30      0.19%     99.98% |           3      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           15814                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          4789605                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           46.158475                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.625629                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         189.472260                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     4628852     96.64%     96.64% |      110206      2.30%     98.94% |       39959      0.83%     99.78% |        7155      0.15%     99.93% |        2241      0.05%     99.98% |         803      0.02%     99.99% |         241      0.01%    100.00% |         135      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            4789605                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      4323056                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000823                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000709                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.029049                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4319511     99.92%     99.92% |        3542      0.08%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        4323056                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       466549                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     446.058478                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    255.089221                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    437.457732                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      305796     65.54%     65.54% |      110206     23.62%     89.17% |       39959      8.56%     97.73% |        7155      1.53%     99.26% |        2241      0.48%     99.74% |         803      0.17%     99.92% |         241      0.05%     99.97% |         135      0.03%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        466549                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          8049521                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           31.933816                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.138481                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         151.154776                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     7999585     99.38%     99.38% |       45361      0.56%     99.94% |        4119      0.05%     99.99% |         431      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            8049521                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7475120                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000249                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000205                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.020095                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7473480     99.98%     99.98% |        1594      0.02%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7475120                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       574401                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     408.468472                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    272.102777                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    409.280651                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      524465     91.31%     91.31% |       45361      7.90%     99.20% |        4119      0.72%     99.92% |         431      0.08%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        574401                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      3961629                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.572361                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.318480                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.628299                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     3959227     99.94%     99.94% |        2159      0.05%     99.99% |         208      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        3961629                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3837536                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000002                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.001351                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3837529    100.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3837536                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124093                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    85.121747                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.160308                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.207430                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      121691     98.06%     98.06% |        2159      1.74%     99.80% |         208      0.17%     99.97% |          24      0.02%     99.99% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124093                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       167091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.751782                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.804927                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    31.677224                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      166556     99.68%     99.68% |         501      0.30%     99.98% |          31      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       167091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       154933                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000600                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000518                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.024493                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      154840     99.94%     99.94% |          93      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       154933                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        12158                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    95.784093                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    78.490746                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    76.214648                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       11623     95.60%     95.60% |         501      4.12%     99.72% |          31      0.25%     99.98% |           2      0.02%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        12158                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.572727                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.510953                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.752340                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         626     94.85%     94.85% |          24      3.64%     98.48% |           6      0.91%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.30%     99.70% |           2      0.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         626    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          626                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    72.352941                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.535593                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    48.187690                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     70.59%     70.59% |           6     17.65%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2      5.88%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           34                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          660                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          660                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       189910                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      3692200                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       149476                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                     3282                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                     6976                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    10152                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    21465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     3280                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                     6011                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                     9951                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    21502                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                     3345                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     5643                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                    9482                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   21464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    3065                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                    5672                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    9922                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   21562                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                    3129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    5998                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   11667                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   21442                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                    3049                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                    6085                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    9754                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   21412                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    3243                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                    6120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                    9381                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   21463                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                    3328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    5772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                    9455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   21572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   1230                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   1632                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   5560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  18247                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   1232                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   2597                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   5761                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  18210                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   1167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   2965                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  6230                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 18248                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  1447                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  2936                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  5790                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 18150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                  1383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                  2610                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                  4045                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                 18270                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                  1463                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                  2523                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                  5958                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                 18300                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                  1269                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                  2488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                  6331                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                 18249                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                  1184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                  2836                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                  6257                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                 18140                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                       16                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                      389                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                      927                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     2645                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       15                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                      444                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                      912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     2710                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       17                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                      476                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                     952                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    2765                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      22                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                     467                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                     929                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    2687                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                     469                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                     799                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                    2710                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                      15                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                     471                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                     923                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                    2718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      17                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                     455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                     984                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                    2697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      18                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                     476                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                     955                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                    2706                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                 4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses                4512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                8608                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               15712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               39712                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                26790366                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                14031624                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                38040786                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles               111057368                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                29700294                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                16686387                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                35758645                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               107093747                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                26157825                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                17102425                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               38567126                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              114693049                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               28140557                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               16245095                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               35680190                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              108452339                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               19272751                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               16869254                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               30723183                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles              115486042                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               86551249                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               14989326                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               34291332                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles              108872767                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               28348623                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               18628391                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               36110364                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles              111220917                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               31328372                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               17704976                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               37581619                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles              112340014                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                    8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                     192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                   8589                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                    192                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   4320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                   8608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  24160                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                   7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                   4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                   4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                  7123                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                  4320                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                  4288                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                  7104                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 15552                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                  168                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 3581                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 5643                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                13367                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                  169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 3079                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 5505                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                13376                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                  166                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 2731                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                5084                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               13295                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                 156                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                2861                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                5492                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               13442                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits                 171                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                2962                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits                6981                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               13246                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                 169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits                3032                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                5331                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               13318                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                 165                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                3038                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits                5007                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               13305                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits                 164                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                2729                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                5145                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               13290                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                 24                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                739                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2965                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              10793                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1241                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               3103                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              10784                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                 26                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1589                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              3505                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             10865                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                36                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1459                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              3116                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             10718                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses                21                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses              1358                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses              1627                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses             10914                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                23                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses              1288                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses              3277                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses             10842                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                27                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses              1282                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses              3601                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses             10855                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses                28                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses              1591                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses              3463                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses             10870                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                3114                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                3395                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                4509                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                8098                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                3111                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                2932                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                4446                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                8126                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                3179                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                2912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits               4398                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits               8169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               2909                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits               2811                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits               4430                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits               8120                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits               2958                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               3036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits               4686                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits               8196                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits               2880                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits               3053                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               4423                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits               8094                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits               3078                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits               3082                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits               4374                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               8158                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits               3164                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits               3043                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits               4310                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits               8282                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              1206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses               893                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              2595                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              7454                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              1209                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              1356                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              2658                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              7426                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              1141                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              1376                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             2725                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             7383                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             1411                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             1477                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             2674                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             7432                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses             1362                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses             1252                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses             2418                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses             7356                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses             1440                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses             1235                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses             2681                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses             7458                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses             1242                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses             1206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses             2730                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses             7394                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses             1156                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses             1245                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses             2794                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses             7270                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 251775                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                 358496                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 894335                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2369184                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 257745                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                 372577                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                 879780                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2360956                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                 259139                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 386270                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                901181                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2387947                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                261907                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles                369408                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                882395                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2354518                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles                244418                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                376669                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles                842372                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               2375527                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                252241                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles                373440                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                893970                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               2364581                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                250832                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                375715                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles                903420                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               2381484                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles                266282                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                386934                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                893348                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               2392961                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                 31782                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles                208546                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                838360                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               2229374                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                 31975                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                208057                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles                814611                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               2227874                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles                 31187                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                220793                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles               832991                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              2245014                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles                32734                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles               226610                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               824679                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              2213143                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles                17528                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               226131                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles               791167                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              2232735                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                21527                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles               205727                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               824737                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              2229804                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles                27288                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles               221128                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles               840055                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              2242627                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles                28894                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               260556                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles               830456                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              2251982                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             113249                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             350797                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             113818                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             376491                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             117242                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             385359                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            116825                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            384420                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            117870                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            388590                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles            118416                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            380811                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles            117087                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles            356894                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            121113                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles            369260                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles            122368                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            253824                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               461257                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               317419                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles               505618                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              1038733                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               482485                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles               321529                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles               518301                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              1028318                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles               466148                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles               312359                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles              508842                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             1071823                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles              468309                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles              287812                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles              510946                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             1041452                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles              481040                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles              288315                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles              550294                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             1041065                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles              466131                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles              317880                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles              489466                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             1007178                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles              456458                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles              333026                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles              525095                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles             1071883                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles              489260                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles              296713                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles              532475                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles             1060481                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time            31782                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time           208546                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           838360                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          2229374                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time            31975                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time           208057                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time           814611                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          2227874                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time            31187                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           220793                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time          832991                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         2245014                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time           32734                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time          226610                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          824679                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         2213143                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time           17528                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          226131                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time          791167                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         2232735                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time           21527                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time          205727                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          824737                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         2229804                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time           27288                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time          221128                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time          840055                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         2242627                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time           28894                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          260556                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time          830456                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         2251982                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time         70881                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         70944                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time         70824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time        70704                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time        70824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time        70559                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        70727                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time        70464                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time       270336                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time       122368                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       253824                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          214097                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          251240                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time          505618                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1038733                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          216065                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time          249854                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time          517340                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1028318                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time          215283                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time          237868                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time         505577                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1071823                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time         214541                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time         241431                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time         501336                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1041452                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time         214205                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time         236023                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time         514189                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        1041065                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time         212917                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time         245864                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time         489466                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        1007178                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time         207776                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time         250223                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time         525095                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time        1071883                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time         218460                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time         248697                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time         523579                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time        1060481                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             236441                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time             346802                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             879039                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2337456                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             241573                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time             345645                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time             864484                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2329228                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time             241401                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             354964                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time            885885                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2356219                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            244960                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time            342243                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            867099                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2322790                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time            227599                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            342246                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time            827076                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           2343799                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time            233878                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time            343683                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            878674                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           2332853                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            233368                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time            349380                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time            888124                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           2349756                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time            247322                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            356355                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time            878052                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           2361233                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               817                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles              1533                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles              1506                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1541                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles              329                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles              404                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles              357                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles              419                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         110658087                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         110801112                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         111013538                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         111484307                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         110657427                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         110801108                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         111013534                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         111484303                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         110657422                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         110801114                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        111013540                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        111484309                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        110657670                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        110801110                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        111013536                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        111484305                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        110658446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        110801119                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        111013545                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        111484314                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        110658391                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        110801115                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        111013541                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        111484310                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        110658445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        110801131                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        111013557                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        111484326                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        110658398                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        110801127                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        111013553                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        111484322                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2105735                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2186820                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2414869                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          3138622                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2110093                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2187029                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2407719                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          3127523                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2108824                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2187911                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2416208                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         3137296                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2103862                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2180585                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2401079                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         3124962                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         2109392                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         2191216                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         2389320                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         3138632                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         2115851                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         2189510                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         2426894                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         3124800                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         2095864                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles         2190702                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         2412816                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         3147010                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         2107405                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         2192515                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         2409233                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         3152301                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              1214                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              1243                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              4633                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             15602                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              1217                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              2153                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              4849                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             15500                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0              1150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0              2489                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0             5278                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            15483                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0             1425                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0             2469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0             4861                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            15463                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0             1369                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0             2141                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0             3246                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0            15560                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0             1448                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0             2052                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0             5035                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0            15582                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0             1252                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0             2033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0             5347                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0            15552                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0             1166                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0             2360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0             5302                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0            15434                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3114                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              3395                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4509                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              8098                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              3111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2932                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              4446                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              8126                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              3179                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              2912                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             8169                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             2909                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             2811                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             4430                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             8120                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             2958                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             3036                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             4686                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             8196                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             2880                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             3053                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             4423                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             8094                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             3078                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             3082                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             4374                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             8158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             3164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             3043                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             4310                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             8282                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2                53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2               696                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1122                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2785                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2                56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2               595                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              1140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              3106                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2                54                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2               464                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             1063                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2775                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2               57                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2              573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1222                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             3064                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2               56                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2              498                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             1288                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             2809                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2               55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2              584                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             3027                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2               52                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2              464                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2              886                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             2409                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2               54                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2              465                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2              948                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             2641                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      197405     25.35%     25.35% |      193861     24.90%     50.25% |      193858     24.90%     75.14% |      193540     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       778664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      119954     25.55%     25.55% |      116545     24.82%     50.37% |      116548     24.82%     75.19% |      116521     24.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       469568                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      197429     25.35%     25.35% |      193861     24.90%     50.25% |      193858     24.90%     75.15% |      193540     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       778688                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      125845     25.52%     25.52% |      122448     24.83%     50.35% |      122451     24.83%     75.18% |      122424     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       493168                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           79                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6080     25.00%     25.00% |        6080     25.00%     50.00% |        6080     25.00%     75.00% |        6080     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24320                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       69259     25.06%     25.06% |       69124     25.02%     50.08% |       69118     25.01%     75.09% |       68827     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       276328                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      197405     25.35%     25.35% |      193861     24.90%     50.25% |      193858     24.90%     75.14% |      193540     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       778664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           24                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5891     24.96%     24.96% |        5903     25.01%     49.97% |        5903     25.01%     74.99% |        5903     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23600                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      119710     25.54%     25.54% |      116368     24.82%     50.36% |      116371     24.82%     75.18% |      116344     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       468793                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       69259     25.06%     25.06% |       69124     25.02%     50.08% |       69118     25.01%     75.09% |       68827     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       276328                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      197405     25.35%     25.35% |      193861     24.90%     50.25% |      193858     24.90%     75.14% |      193540     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       778664                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      119710     25.54%     25.54% |      116368     24.82%     50.36% |      116371     24.82%     75.18% |      116344     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       468793                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          720                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         189     26.25%     26.25% |         177     24.58%     50.83% |         177     24.58%     75.42% |         177     24.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          720                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24320                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          79    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24320    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24320                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4493357     93.79%     93.79% |          48      0.00%     93.79% |       37185      0.78%     94.57% |       37185      0.78%     95.34% |       37188      0.78%     96.12% |       37185      0.78%     96.90% |       37184      0.78%     97.67% |       37185      0.78%     98.45% |       37184      0.78%     99.22% |       37186      0.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      4790887                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3961687    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      3961687                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     7968310     96.96%     96.96% |           0      0.00%     96.96% |       31213      0.38%     97.34% |       31217      0.38%     97.72% |       31222      0.38%     98.10% |       31226      0.38%     98.48% |       31224      0.38%     98.86% |       31216      0.38%     99.24% |       31219      0.38%     99.62% |       31229      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8218076                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15281     98.10%     98.10% |          48      0.31%     98.41% |          24      0.15%     98.56% |          29      0.19%     98.75% |          20      0.13%     98.88% |          18      0.12%     98.99% |          63      0.40%     99.40% |          51      0.33%     99.72% |          16      0.10%     99.83% |          27      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        15577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      630959     53.93%     53.93% |           0      0.00%     53.93% |       67382      5.76%     59.69% |       67369      5.76%     65.44% |       67388      5.76%     71.20% |       67376      5.76%     76.96% |       67379      5.76%     82.72% |       67377      5.76%     88.48% |       67386      5.76%     94.24% |       67391      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1170007                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     11.27%     11.27% |           6      8.45%     19.72% |          11     15.49%     35.21% |           3      4.23%     39.44% |          13     18.31%     57.75% |           6      8.45%     66.20% |           9     12.68%     78.87% |          15     21.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           71                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          81     48.80%     48.80% |           2      1.20%     50.00% |           5      3.01%     53.01% |          10      6.02%     59.04% |           4      2.41%     61.45% |           8      4.82%     66.27% |          16      9.64%     75.90% |          13      7.83%     83.73% |           9      5.42%     89.16% |          18     10.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total          166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      169722     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36841      7.93%     44.48% |       36839      7.93%     52.41% |       36853      7.93%     60.35% |       36846      7.93%     68.28% |       36802      7.92%     76.20% |       36822      7.93%     84.13% |       36855      7.93%     92.07% |       36852      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       464472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.20%      1.20% |           8      4.82%      6.02% |          19     11.45%     17.47% |          19     11.45%     28.92% |          16      9.64%     38.55% |           9      5.42%     43.98% |          44     26.51%     70.48% |          34     20.48%     90.96% |           7      4.22%     95.18% |           8      4.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total          166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      464296     65.16%     65.16% |           0      0.00%     65.16% |       31034      4.36%     69.51% |       31023      4.35%     73.87% |       31031      4.35%     78.22% |       31033      4.36%     82.58% |       31045      4.36%     86.93% |       31033      4.36%     91.29% |       31036      4.36%     95.64% |       31043      4.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       712574                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      506171     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67350      6.45%     54.89% |       67335      6.44%     61.33% |       67357      6.45%     67.78% |       67355      6.45%     74.22% |       67303      6.44%     80.66% |       67322      6.44%     87.11% |       67361      6.45%     93.55% |       67349      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1044903                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      170780     36.67%     36.67% |          23      0.00%     36.68% |       36860      7.92%     44.59% |       36858      7.91%     52.51% |       36869      7.92%     60.43% |       36856      7.91%     68.34% |       36849      7.91%     76.25% |       36860      7.92%     84.17% |       36862      7.92%     92.08% |       36861      7.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       465678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122689    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      338256     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31034      5.29%     62.96% |       31023      5.29%     68.25% |       31031      5.29%     73.54% |       31032      5.29%     78.83% |       31042      5.29%     84.13% |       31029      5.29%     89.42% |       31036      5.29%     94.71% |       31042      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       586525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11268     97.85%     97.85% |           0      0.00%     97.85% |          24      0.21%     98.05% |          29      0.25%     98.31% |          20      0.17%     98.48% |          18      0.16%     98.64% |          63      0.55%     99.18% |          51      0.44%     99.63% |          16      0.14%     99.77% |          27      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         846     97.13%     97.13% |          25      2.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1405    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          45    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           45                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         837     92.18%     92.18% |           0      0.00%     92.18% |           8      0.88%     93.06% |           6      0.66%     93.72% |          11      1.21%     94.93% |           3      0.33%     95.26% |          13      1.43%     96.70% |           6      0.66%     97.36% |           9      0.99%     98.35% |          15      1.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       20594     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           2      0.01%     99.85% |           4      0.02%     99.87% |           1      0.00%     99.88% |          14      0.07%     99.95% |          11      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        20626                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3837536    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3837536                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2317     99.57%     99.57% |          10      0.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2327                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      123693     99.80%     99.80% |           0      0.00%     99.80% |          24      0.02%     99.82% |          28      0.02%     99.84% |          20      0.02%     99.86% |          18      0.01%     99.87% |          63      0.05%     99.93% |          49      0.04%     99.97% |          16      0.01%     99.98% |          27      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       123938                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2366166     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         324      0.01%     99.91% |         324      0.01%     99.92% |         311      0.01%     99.93% |         327      0.01%     99.95% |         321      0.01%     99.96% |         313      0.01%     99.97% |         322      0.01%     99.99% |         323      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2368731                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       29111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1517     97.56%     97.56% |          38      2.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      139005     32.17%     32.17% |           0      0.00%     32.17% |       36675      8.49%     40.66% |       36619      8.48%     49.14% |       36639      8.48%     57.62% |       36663      8.49%     66.10% |       36563      8.46%     74.57% |       36617      8.48%     83.04% |       36652      8.48%     91.53% |       36611      8.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       432044                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      2.44%      2.44% |           5      6.10%      8.54% |           9     10.98%     19.51% |           4      4.88%     24.39% |           8      9.76%     34.15% |          16     19.51%     53.66% |          11     13.41%     67.07% |           9     10.98%     78.05% |          18     21.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           82                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1933699    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      1933699                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7600753     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |         176      0.00%     99.98% |         192      0.00%     99.99% |         191      0.00%     99.99% |         191      0.00%     99.99% |         178      0.00%     99.99% |         186      0.00%    100.00% |         181      0.00%    100.00% |         180      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7602228                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         179    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      367166     59.91%     59.91% |           0      0.00%     59.91% |       30675      5.01%     64.92% |       30716      5.01%     69.93% |       30718      5.01%     74.94% |       30692      5.01%     79.95% |       30740      5.02%     84.96% |       30705      5.01%     89.97% |       30709      5.01%     94.98% |       30738      5.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       612859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     11.27%     11.27% |           6      8.45%     19.72% |          11     15.49%     35.21% |           3      4.23%     39.44% |          13     18.31%     57.75% |           6      8.45%     66.20% |           9     12.68%     78.87% |          15     21.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           71                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          81    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           81                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         248    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      169722     36.54%     36.54% |          40      0.01%     36.55% |       36841      7.93%     44.48% |       36839      7.93%     52.41% |       36853      7.93%     60.35% |       36846      7.93%     68.28% |       36802      7.92%     76.20% |       36822      7.93%     84.13% |       36855      7.93%     92.07% |       36852      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       464472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           2      1.20%      1.20% |           8      4.82%      6.02% |          19     11.45%     17.47% |          19     11.45%     28.92% |          16      9.64%     38.55% |           9      5.42%     43.98% |          44     26.51%     70.48% |          34     20.48%     90.96% |           7      4.22%     95.18% |           8      4.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total          166                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      125995     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126004                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           10                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      338301     57.67%     57.67% |           0      0.00%     57.67% |       31034      5.29%     62.97% |       31023      5.29%     68.25% |       31031      5.29%     73.54% |       31032      5.29%     78.83% |       31042      5.29%     84.13% |       31029      5.29%     89.42% |       31036      5.29%     94.71% |       31042      5.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       586570                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          23    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1272     99.22%     99.22% |           0      0.00%     99.22% |           1      0.08%     99.30% |           1      0.08%     99.38% |           4      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.08%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           1      0.08%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           2      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1282                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          57    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           57                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122     84.72%     84.72% |           0      0.00%     84.72% |           3      2.08%     86.81% |           2      1.39%     88.19% |           0      0.00%     88.19% |           3      2.08%     90.28% |           4      2.78%     93.06% |           1      0.69%     93.75% |           2      1.39%     95.14% |           7      4.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      506171     48.44%     48.44% |           0      0.00%     48.44% |       67350      6.45%     54.89% |       67334      6.44%     61.33% |       67357      6.45%     67.78% |       67355      6.45%     74.22% |       67303      6.44%     80.67% |       67320      6.44%     87.11% |       67361      6.45%     93.55% |       67349      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1044900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3867      3.12%      3.12% |        3803      3.06%      6.18% |        3548      2.86%      9.04% |        3504      2.82%     11.86% |        3571      2.88%     14.74% |        4048      3.26%     18.00% |        3753      3.02%     21.02% |        3281      2.64%     23.67% |        3556      2.86%     26.53% |        5141      4.14%     30.67% |        3963      3.19%     33.87% |        3818      3.08%     36.94% |        3561      2.87%     39.81% |        4324      3.48%     43.29% |        3867      3.12%     46.41% |        3737      3.01%     49.42% |        4118      3.32%     52.74% |        4155      3.35%     56.09% |        3673      2.96%     59.04% |        3382      2.72%     61.77% |        3062      2.47%     64.24% |        3702      2.98%     67.22% |        3479      2.80%     70.02% |        3352      2.70%     72.72% |        3636      2.93%     75.65% |        3694      2.98%     78.63% |        3243      2.61%     81.24% |        4616      3.72%     84.96% |        3976      3.20%     88.16% |        5202      4.19%     92.35% |        5075      4.09%     96.44% |        4417      3.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       55074     11.80%     11.80% |       13893      2.98%     14.78% |       12699      2.72%     17.50% |       13622      2.92%     20.42% |       12821      2.75%     23.17% |       12691      2.72%     25.89% |       12289      2.63%     28.52% |       12557      2.69%     31.21% |       12940      2.77%     33.99% |       12818      2.75%     36.73% |       14974      3.21%     39.94% |       13304      2.85%     42.79% |       12856      2.76%     45.55% |       12823      2.75%     48.30% |       12200      2.61%     50.91% |       12583      2.70%     53.61% |       13676      2.93%     56.54% |       12729      2.73%     59.27% |       13116      2.81%     62.08% |       13146      2.82%     64.89% |       13661      2.93%     67.82% |       16830      3.61%     71.43% |       12775      2.74%     74.17% |       12924      2.77%     76.94% |       12862      2.76%     79.69% |       13002      2.79%     82.48% |       12522      2.68%     85.16% |       12246      2.62%     87.79% |       13262      2.84%     90.63% |       12621      2.70%     93.33% |       13616      2.92%     96.25% |       17491      3.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       466623                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       22431      3.82%      3.82% |       18989      3.24%      7.06% |       16801      2.86%      9.93% |       18817      3.21%     13.13% |       16979      2.89%     16.03% |       17073      2.91%     18.94% |       16831      2.87%     21.81% |       17153      2.92%     24.73% |       17470      2.98%     27.71% |       17179      2.93%     30.64% |       17608      3.00%     33.64% |       17569      3.00%     36.64% |       17679      3.01%     39.65% |       17488      2.98%     42.63% |       17424      2.97%     45.60% |       17619      3.00%     48.60% |       17849      3.04%     51.65% |       17592      3.00%     54.65% |       17893      3.05%     57.70% |       18510      3.16%     60.85% |       18470      3.15%     64.00% |       20250      3.45%     67.45% |       18480      3.15%     70.60% |       18330      3.12%     73.73% |       18407      3.14%     76.87% |       18252      3.11%     79.98% |       18650      3.18%     83.16% |       18645      3.18%     86.34% |       19432      3.31%     89.65% |       19538      3.33%     92.98% |       20537      3.50%     96.48% |       20642      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       586587                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       75546      7.23%      7.23% |       32685      3.13%     10.36% |       29299      2.80%     13.16% |       32199      3.08%     16.24% |       29602      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28913      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30211      2.89%     30.38% |       29810      2.85%     33.23% |       32348      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30343      2.90%     42.17% |       30126      2.88%     45.05% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.74% |       31295      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.62% |       30777      2.95%     59.57% |       31440      3.01%     62.58% |       31921      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31063      2.97%     72.13% |       31064      2.97%     75.10% |       31074      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30983      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32508      3.11%     90.06% |       31974      3.06%     93.12% |       33964      3.25%     96.37% |       37934      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1044903                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       17869      3.81%      3.81% |       14540      3.10%      6.91% |       14550      3.10%     10.02% |       14535      3.10%     13.12% |       14517      3.10%     16.22% |       14526      3.10%     19.32% |       14537      3.10%     22.42% |       14540      3.10%     25.52% |       14548      3.10%     28.62% |       14559      3.11%     31.73% |       14552      3.10%     34.84% |       14548      3.10%     37.94% |       14534      3.10%     41.04% |       14542      3.10%     44.14% |       14536      3.10%     47.24% |       14530      3.10%     50.34% |       14581      3.11%     53.46% |       14547      3.10%     56.56% |       14553      3.11%     59.66% |       14550      3.10%     62.77% |       14535      3.10%     65.87% |       14556      3.11%     68.98% |       14543      3.10%     72.08% |       14545      3.10%     75.18% |       14557      3.11%     78.29% |       14555      3.11%     81.39% |       14546      3.10%     84.50% |       14542      3.10%     87.60% |       14540      3.10%     90.70% |       14519      3.10%     93.80% |       14533      3.10%     96.90% |       14530      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       468695                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        8861      3.21%      3.21% |        8695      3.15%      6.35% |        8693      3.14%      9.50% |        8637      3.12%     12.62% |        8631      3.12%     15.74% |        8610      3.11%     18.86% |        8622      3.12%     21.98% |        8626      3.12%     25.10% |        8631      3.12%     28.22% |        8672      3.14%     31.36% |        8698      3.15%     34.50% |        8639      3.13%     37.63% |        8665      3.13%     40.76% |        8630      3.12%     43.89% |        8670      3.14%     47.02% |        8607      3.11%     50.14% |        8653      3.13%     53.27% |        8619      3.12%     56.38% |        8615      3.12%     59.50% |        8598      3.11%     62.61% |        8614      3.12%     65.73% |        8635      3.12%     68.85% |        8614      3.12%     71.97% |        8578      3.10%     75.07% |        8620      3.12%     78.19% |        8656      3.13%     81.32% |        8632      3.12%     84.44% |        8575      3.10%     87.54% |        8614      3.12%     90.66% |        8631      3.12%     93.78% |        8595      3.11%     96.89% |        8591      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       276427                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       27844      3.58%      3.58% |       24282      3.12%      6.69% |       24290      3.12%      9.81% |       24219      3.11%     12.92% |       24194      3.11%     16.03% |       24182      3.11%     19.14% |       24205      3.11%     22.25% |       24212      3.11%     25.35% |       24225      3.11%     28.47% |       24277      3.12%     31.58% |       24296      3.12%     34.70% |       24233      3.11%     37.82% |       24245      3.11%     40.93% |       24218      3.11%     44.04% |       24252      3.11%     47.15% |       24183      3.11%     50.26% |       24280      3.12%     53.38% |       24212      3.11%     56.49% |       24214      3.11%     59.60% |       24194      3.11%     62.70% |       24194      3.11%     65.81% |       24237      3.11%     68.92% |       24203      3.11%     72.03% |       24169      3.10%     75.14% |       24223      3.11%     78.25% |       24257      3.12%     81.36% |       24224      3.11%     84.47% |       24163      3.10%     87.58% |       24200      3.11%     90.68% |       24196      3.11%     93.79% |       24174      3.10%     96.90% |       24167      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       778664                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       26820      3.60%      3.60% |       23258      3.12%      6.71% |       23266      3.12%      9.83% |       23195      3.11%     12.94% |       23170      3.11%     16.05% |       23158      3.10%     19.15% |       23181      3.11%     22.26% |       23188      3.11%     25.37% |       23201      3.11%     28.48% |       23253      3.12%     31.60% |       23272      3.12%     34.72% |       23209      3.11%     37.83% |       23221      3.11%     40.94% |       23194      3.11%     44.05% |       23228      3.11%     47.17% |       23159      3.10%     50.27% |       23256      3.12%     53.39% |       23188      3.11%     56.50% |       23190      3.11%     59.61% |       23170      3.11%     62.71% |       23170      3.11%     65.82% |       23213      3.11%     68.93% |       23179      3.11%     72.04% |       23145      3.10%     75.14% |       23199      3.11%     78.25% |       23233      3.11%     81.37% |       23200      3.11%     84.48% |       23139      3.10%     87.58% |       23176      3.11%     90.69% |       23172      3.11%     93.79% |       23150      3.10%     96.90% |       23143      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       745896                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          58     22.31%     22.31% |           2      0.77%     23.08% |           5      1.92%     25.00% |           5      1.92%     26.92% |           4      1.54%     28.46% |           4      1.54%     30.00% |           4      1.54%     31.54% |           5      1.92%     33.46% |           7      2.69%     36.15% |           4      1.54%     37.69% |           6      2.31%     40.00% |           4      1.54%     41.54% |           5      1.92%     43.46% |           3      1.15%     44.62% |           4      1.54%     46.15% |           3      1.15%     47.31% |           4      1.54%     48.85% |           3      1.15%     50.00% |           9      3.46%     53.46% |          10      3.85%     57.31% |          19      7.31%     64.62% |          19      7.31%     71.92% |           9      3.46%     75.38% |          10      3.85%     79.23% |           7      2.69%     81.92% |           8      3.08%     85.00% |           7      2.69%     87.69% |           9      3.46%     91.15% |           7      2.69%     93.85% |           6      2.31%     96.15% |           7      2.69%     98.85% |           3      1.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          37     43.53%     43.53% |           0      0.00%     43.53% |           0      0.00%     43.53% |          15     17.65%     61.18% |           0      0.00%     61.18% |           0      0.00%     61.18% |           0      0.00%     61.18% |           0      0.00%     61.18% |           0      0.00%     61.18% |           0      0.00%     61.18% |           0      0.00%     61.18% |           0      0.00%     61.18% |           0      0.00%     61.18% |           0      0.00%     61.18% |           0      0.00%     61.18% |           0      0.00%     61.18% |          14     16.47%     77.65% |           0      0.00%     77.65% |           0      0.00%     77.65% |          17     20.00%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |           2      2.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           85                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          41     24.12%     24.12% |           2      1.18%     25.29% |           1      0.59%     25.88% |          21     12.35%     38.24% |           3      1.76%     40.00% |           3      1.76%     41.76% |           4      2.35%     44.12% |           3      1.76%     45.88% |           5      2.94%     48.82% |           3      1.76%     50.59% |           2      1.18%     51.76% |           2      1.18%     52.94% |           3      1.76%     54.71% |           3      1.76%     56.47% |           4      2.35%     58.82% |           3      1.76%     60.59% |          17     10.00%     70.59% |           1      0.59%     71.18% |           2      1.18%     72.35% |          17     10.00%     82.35% |           1      0.59%     82.94% |           0      0.00%     82.94% |           1      0.59%     83.53% |           2      1.18%     84.71% |           3      1.76%     86.47% |           5      2.94%     89.41% |           4      2.35%     91.76% |           5      2.94%     94.71% |           3      1.76%     96.47% |           2      1.18%     97.65% |           2      1.18%     98.82% |           2      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          170                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         558      3.66%      3.66% |         474      3.11%      6.78% |         464      3.05%      9.83% |         467      3.07%     12.89% |         461      3.03%     15.92% |         457      3.00%     18.92% |         468      3.07%     22.00% |         469      3.08%     25.08% |         460      3.02%     28.10% |         462      3.03%     31.13% |         510      3.35%     34.48% |         482      3.17%     37.65% |         502      3.30%     40.94% |         476      3.13%     44.07% |         499      3.28%     47.35% |         482      3.17%     50.51% |         509      3.34%     53.86% |         486      3.19%     57.05% |         470      3.09%     60.13% |         462      3.03%     63.17% |         438      2.88%     66.04% |         483      3.17%     69.22% |         452      2.97%     72.19% |         443      2.91%     75.10% |         484      3.18%     78.27% |         500      3.28%     81.56% |         487      3.20%     84.76% |         454      2.98%     87.74% |         462      3.03%     90.77% |         472      3.10%     93.87% |         472      3.10%     96.97% |         461      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        15226                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          38     22.89%     22.89% |           2      1.20%     24.10% |           1      0.60%     24.70% |          18     10.84%     35.54% |           3      1.81%     37.35% |           3      1.81%     39.16% |           4      2.41%     41.57% |           3      1.81%     43.37% |           5      3.01%     46.39% |           3      1.81%     48.19% |           2      1.20%     49.40% |           2      1.20%     50.60% |           3      1.81%     52.41% |           3      1.81%     54.22% |           4      2.41%     56.63% |           3      1.81%     58.43% |          17     10.24%     68.67% |           1      0.60%     69.28% |           2      1.20%     70.48% |          17     10.24%     80.72% |           1      0.60%     81.33% |           0      0.00%     81.33% |           1      0.60%     81.93% |           2      1.20%     83.13% |           3      1.81%     84.94% |           5      3.01%     87.95% |           4      2.41%     90.36% |           7      4.22%     94.58% |           3      1.81%     96.39% |           2      1.20%     97.59% |           2      1.20%     98.80% |           2      1.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total          166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       75898      7.22%      7.22% |       32868      3.13%     10.35% |       29486      2.81%     13.15% |       32398      3.08%     16.24% |       29784      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.89% |       29093      2.77%     24.66% |       29698      2.83%     27.49% |       30398      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.23% |       32549      3.10%     36.33% |       30867      2.94%     39.27% |       30527      2.90%     42.17% |       30304      2.88%     45.05% |       29600      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.74% |       31503      3.00%     53.74% |       30316      2.88%     56.62% |       30951      2.94%     59.57% |       31638      3.01%     62.58% |       32123      3.06%     65.63% |       37031      3.52%     69.16% |       31250      2.97%     72.13% |       31248      2.97%     75.10% |       31261      2.97%     78.08% |       31241      2.97%     81.05% |       31167      2.97%     84.02% |       30882      2.94%     86.95% |       32691      3.11%     90.06% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34149      3.25%     96.37% |       38123      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051065                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         180     11.61%     11.61% |          46      2.97%     14.58% |          46      2.97%     17.55% |          46      2.97%     20.52% |          44      2.84%     23.35% |          44      2.84%     26.19% |          44      2.84%     29.03% |          44      2.84%     31.87% |          44      2.84%     34.71% |          44      2.84%     37.55% |          44      2.84%     40.39% |          44      2.84%     43.23% |          44      2.84%     46.06% |          44      2.84%     48.90% |          44      2.84%     51.74% |          44      2.84%     54.58% |          44      2.84%     57.42% |          44      2.84%     60.26% |          44      2.84%     63.10% |          44      2.84%     65.94% |          44      2.84%     68.77% |          44      2.84%     71.61% |          44      2.84%     74.45% |          44      2.84%     77.29% |          44      2.84%     80.13% |          44      2.84%     82.97% |          44      2.84%     85.81% |          44      2.84%     88.65% |          44      2.84%     91.48% |          44      2.84%     94.32% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1550                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         447      3.31%      3.31% |         423      3.13%      6.44% |         415      3.07%      9.52% |         404      2.99%     12.51% |         410      3.04%     15.54% |         401      2.97%     18.51% |         414      3.07%     21.58% |         418      3.10%     24.67% |         407      3.01%     27.69% |         417      3.09%     30.78% |         443      3.28%     34.06% |         436      3.23%     37.29% |         450      3.33%     40.62% |         428      3.17%     43.79% |         448      3.32%     47.10% |         440      3.26%     50.36% |         450      3.33%     53.70% |         440      3.26%     56.95% |         434      3.21%     60.17% |         406      3.01%     63.17% |         386      2.86%     66.03% |         408      3.02%     69.05% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.93%     74.97% |         427      3.16%     78.13% |         447      3.31%     81.44% |         436      3.23%     84.67% |         402      2.98%     87.65% |         415      3.07%     90.72% |         426      3.15%     93.88% |         425      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       12417      4.30%      4.30% |        8975      3.11%      7.42% |        8986      3.12%     10.53% |        8924      3.09%     13.63% |        8901      3.09%     16.71% |        8890      3.08%     19.79% |        8897      3.08%     22.88% |        8907      3.09%     25.97% |        8923      3.09%     29.06% |        8961      3.11%     32.17% |        8973      3.11%     35.28% |        8895      3.08%     38.36% |        8903      3.09%     41.45% |        8897      3.08%     44.53% |        8916      3.09%     47.62% |        8860      3.07%     50.69% |        8909      3.09%     53.78% |        8876      3.08%     56.86% |        8884      3.08%     59.94% |        8887      3.08%     63.02% |        8895      3.08%     66.10% |        8906      3.09%     69.19% |        8913      3.09%     72.28% |        8876      3.08%     75.36% |        8888      3.08%     78.44% |        8910      3.09%     81.53% |        8886      3.08%     84.61% |        8868      3.07%     87.69% |        8898      3.08%     90.77% |        8887      3.08%     93.85% |        8854      3.07%     96.92% |        8883      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       288445                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       14980      3.14%      3.14% |       14884      3.12%      6.26% |       14889      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14921      3.13%     53.12% |       14896      3.12%     56.25% |       14896      3.12%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14923      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14908      3.13%     78.13% |       14900      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       476716                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3416      3.09%      3.09% |        3372      3.05%      6.14% |        3131      2.83%      8.98% |        3095      2.80%     11.78% |        3159      2.86%     14.64% |        3642      3.30%     17.93% |        3333      3.02%     20.95% |        2861      2.59%     23.54% |        3146      2.85%     26.39% |        4724      4.28%     30.66% |        3518      3.18%     33.84% |        3378      3.06%     36.90% |        3108      2.81%     39.71% |        3896      3.53%     43.24% |        3415      3.09%     46.33% |        3297      2.98%     49.31% |        3665      3.32%     52.63% |        3712      3.36%     55.99% |        3224      2.92%     58.91% |        2966      2.68%     61.59% |        2675      2.42%     64.01% |        3293      2.98%     66.99% |        3073      2.78%     69.77% |        2954      2.67%     72.45% |        3204      2.90%     75.35% |        3245      2.94%     78.28% |        2803      2.54%     80.82% |        4211      3.81%     84.63% |        3552      3.21%     87.85% |        4776      4.32%     92.17% |        4640      4.20%     96.37% |        4013      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1562     81.99%     81.99% |          12      0.63%     82.62% |          13      0.68%     83.31% |          24      1.26%     84.57% |          13      0.68%     85.25% |          82      4.30%     89.55% |          22      1.15%     90.71% |           8      0.42%     91.13% |           7      0.37%     91.50% |           0      0.00%     91.50% |          15      0.79%     92.28% |           3      0.16%     92.44% |           3      0.16%     92.60% |           3      0.16%     92.76% |          20      1.05%     93.81% |           2      0.10%     93.91% |           6      0.31%     94.23% |           5      0.26%     94.49% |          65      3.41%     97.90% |           3      0.16%     98.06% |           0      0.00%     98.06% |           5      0.26%     98.32% |           2      0.10%     98.43% |           2      0.10%     98.53% |           5      0.26%     98.79% |           8      0.42%     99.21% |           3      0.16%     99.37% |           3      0.16%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.05%     99.58% |           8      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           6     23.08%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           2      7.69%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           0      0.00%     42.31% |           1      3.85%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           4     15.38%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           3     11.54%     80.77% |           1      3.85%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           2      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           1      4.35%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           1      4.35%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |          10     43.48%     73.91% |           2      8.70%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           2      8.70%     91.30% |           2      8.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          18     12.95%     12.95% |           3      2.16%     15.11% |           2      1.44%     16.55% |          10      7.19%     23.74% |           3      2.16%     25.90% |           5      3.60%     29.50% |           6      4.32%     33.81% |           3      2.16%     35.97% |           5      3.60%     39.57% |           3      2.16%     41.73% |           2      1.44%     43.17% |           2      1.44%     44.60% |           4      2.88%     47.48% |           3      2.16%     49.64% |           5      3.60%     53.24% |           3      2.16%     55.40% |          16     11.51%     66.91% |           1      0.72%     67.63% |           3      2.16%     69.78% |           8      5.76%     75.54% |           1      0.72%     76.26% |           0      0.00%     76.26% |           1      0.72%     76.98% |           2      1.44%     78.42% |           4      2.88%     81.29% |           5      3.60%     84.89% |           5      3.60%     88.49% |           6      4.32%     92.81% |           3      2.16%     94.96% |           2      1.44%     96.40% |           2      1.44%     97.84% |           3      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total          139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         470      3.47%      3.47% |         423      3.13%      6.60% |         412      3.04%      9.64% |         412      3.04%     12.69% |         411      3.04%     15.73% |         402      2.97%     18.70% |         417      3.08%     21.78% |         417      3.08%     24.86% |         407      3.01%     27.87% |         415      3.07%     30.93% |         445      3.29%     34.22% |         437      3.23%     37.45% |         448      3.31%     40.76% |         428      3.16%     43.93% |         448      3.31%     47.24% |         438      3.24%     50.47% |         449      3.32%     53.79% |         439      3.24%     57.04% |         432      3.19%     60.23% |         411      3.04%     63.26% |         385      2.85%     66.11% |         406      3.00%     69.11% |         404      2.99%     72.10% |         398      2.94%     75.04% |         430      3.18%     78.21% |         449      3.32%     81.53% |         436      3.22%     84.75% |         401      2.96%     87.72% |         413      3.05%     90.77% |         424      3.13%     93.90% |         422      3.12%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13532                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           4      4.30%      4.30% |           8      8.60%     12.90% |           2      2.15%     15.05% |           5      5.38%     20.43% |           2      2.15%     22.58% |           5      5.38%     27.96% |           6      6.45%     34.41% |           0      0.00%     34.41% |           3      3.23%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |           2      2.15%     39.78% |           2      2.15%     41.94% |           3      3.23%     45.16% |           0      0.00%     45.16% |           4      4.30%     49.46% |           0      0.00%     49.46% |           1      1.08%     50.54% |           3      3.23%     53.76% |          15     16.13%     69.89% |           3      3.23%     73.12% |           1      1.08%     74.19% |           1      1.08%     75.27% |           2      2.15%     77.42% |           3      3.23%     80.65% |           5      5.38%     86.02% |           2      2.15%     88.17% |           4      4.30%     92.47% |           3      3.23%     95.70% |           1      1.08%     96.77% |           0      0.00%     96.77% |           1      1.08%     97.85% |           2      2.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           93                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       41053     23.32%     23.32% |        4904      2.79%     26.11% |        3698      2.10%     28.21% |        4656      2.65%     30.85% |        3904      2.22%     33.07% |        3716      2.11%     35.18% |        3365      1.91%     37.09% |        3638      2.07%     39.16% |        4005      2.28%     41.44% |        3850      2.19%     43.62% |        5968      3.39%     47.01% |        4402      2.50%     49.51% |        3945      2.24%     51.75% |        3919      2.23%     53.98% |        3259      1.85%     55.83% |        3716      2.11%     57.94% |        4744      2.69%     60.64% |        3847      2.19%     62.82% |        4164      2.37%     65.19% |        4239      2.41%     67.60% |        4762      2.71%     70.30% |        7887      4.48%     74.78% |        3857      2.19%     76.97% |        4042      2.30%     79.27% |        3966      2.25%     81.52% |        4079      2.32%     83.84% |        3629      2.06%     85.90% |        3367      1.91%     87.82% |        4361      2.48%     90.29% |        3732      2.12%     92.41% |        4758      2.70%     95.12% |        8598      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       176030                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        7393      6.74%      6.74% |        4099      3.73%     10.47% |        1911      1.74%     12.21% |        3924      3.58%     15.79% |        2096      1.91%     17.70% |        2182      1.99%     19.68% |        1937      1.76%     21.45% |        2266      2.06%     23.51% |        2574      2.35%     25.86% |        2280      2.08%     27.94% |        2728      2.49%     30.42% |        2667      2.43%     32.85% |        2783      2.54%     35.39% |        2595      2.36%     37.75% |        2535      2.31%     40.06% |        2736      2.49%     42.55% |        2912      2.65%     45.21% |        2695      2.46%     47.66% |        2994      2.73%     50.39% |        3608      3.29%     53.68% |        3552      3.24%     56.91% |        5315      4.84%     61.76% |        3594      3.27%     65.03% |        3432      3.13%     68.16% |        3498      3.19%     71.34% |        3352      3.05%     74.40% |        3747      3.41%     77.81% |        3750      3.42%     81.23% |        4545      4.14%     85.37% |        4655      4.24%     89.61% |        5642      5.14%     94.75% |        5760      5.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       109757                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       17848      3.81%      3.81% |       14534      3.10%      6.91% |       14544      3.10%     10.02% |       14523      3.10%     13.12% |       14512      3.10%     16.21% |       14518      3.10%     19.31% |       14528      3.10%     22.41% |       14536      3.10%     25.52% |       14542      3.10%     28.62% |       14554      3.11%     31.73% |       14546      3.10%     34.83% |       14544      3.10%     37.94% |       14529      3.10%     41.04% |       14538      3.10%     44.14% |       14530      3.10%     47.24% |       14526      3.10%     50.34% |       14563      3.11%     53.45% |       14544      3.10%     56.56% |       14547      3.11%     59.66% |       14540      3.10%     62.77% |       14532      3.10%     65.87% |       14552      3.11%     68.97% |       14539      3.10%     72.08% |       14542      3.10%     75.18% |       14551      3.11%     78.29% |       14547      3.11%     81.39% |       14538      3.10%     84.50% |       14534      3.10%     87.60% |       14533      3.10%     90.70% |       14513      3.10%     93.80% |       14528      3.10%     96.90% |       14524      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       468479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        8322      3.18%      3.18% |        8227      3.15%      6.33% |        8231      3.15%      9.48% |        8180      3.13%     12.61% |        8174      3.13%     15.74% |        8160      3.12%     18.87% |        8163      3.12%     21.99% |        8160      3.12%     25.11% |        8175      3.13%     28.24% |        8214      3.14%     31.38% |        8190      3.13%     34.52% |        8159      3.12%     37.64% |        8166      3.13%     40.77% |        8158      3.12%     43.89% |        8177      3.13%     47.02% |        8129      3.11%     50.13% |        8161      3.12%     53.25% |        8134      3.11%     56.37% |        8144      3.12%     59.48% |        8136      3.11%     62.60% |        8161      3.12%     65.72% |        8137      3.11%     68.83% |        8158      3.12%     71.96% |        8131      3.11%     75.07% |        8138      3.11%     78.18% |        8161      3.12%     81.31% |        8150      3.12%     84.42% |        8125      3.11%     87.53% |        8155      3.12%     90.65% |        8161      3.12%     93.78% |        8123      3.11%     96.89% |        8135      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       261295                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          38     22.89%     22.89% |           2      1.20%     24.10% |           1      0.60%     24.70% |          18     10.84%     35.54% |           3      1.81%     37.35% |           3      1.81%     39.16% |           4      2.41%     41.57% |           3      1.81%     43.37% |           5      3.01%     46.39% |           3      1.81%     48.19% |           2      1.20%     49.40% |           2      1.20%     50.60% |           3      1.81%     52.41% |           3      1.81%     54.22% |           4      2.41%     56.63% |           3      1.81%     58.43% |          17     10.24%     68.67% |           1      0.60%     69.28% |           2      1.20%     70.48% |          17     10.24%     80.72% |           1      0.60%     81.33% |           0      0.00%     81.33% |           1      0.60%     81.93% |           2      1.20%     83.13% |           3      1.81%     84.94% |           5      3.01%     87.95% |           4      2.41%     90.36% |           7      4.22%     94.58% |           3      1.81%     96.39% |           2      1.20%     97.59% |           2      1.20%     98.80% |           2      1.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total          166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          55     77.46%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |           0      0.00%     77.46% |          16     22.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       75544      7.23%      7.23% |       32685      3.13%     10.36% |       29299      2.80%     13.16% |       32199      3.08%     16.24% |       29602      2.83%     19.08% |       29494      2.82%     21.90% |       28913      2.77%     24.67% |       29512      2.82%     27.49% |       30211      2.89%     30.38% |       29810      2.85%     33.23% |       32348      3.10%     36.33% |       30690      2.94%     39.27% |       30343      2.90%     42.17% |       30126      2.88%     45.05% |       29419      2.82%     47.87% |       30020      2.87%     50.74% |       31295      3.00%     53.74% |       30136      2.88%     56.62% |       30777      2.95%     59.57% |       31439      3.01%     62.58% |       31921      3.05%     65.63% |       36802      3.52%     69.15% |       31063      2.97%     72.13% |       31064      2.97%     75.10% |       31074      2.97%     78.07% |       31057      2.97%     81.05% |       30983      2.97%     84.01% |       30694      2.94%     86.95% |       32508      3.11%     90.06% |       31974      3.06%     93.12% |       33964      3.25%     96.37% |       37934      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1044900                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      3.90%      3.90% |           3      3.90%      7.79% |           4      5.19%     12.99% |           2      2.60%     15.58% |           2      2.60%     18.18% |           3      3.90%     22.08% |           3      3.90%     25.97% |           1      1.30%     27.27% |           1      1.30%     28.57% |           2      2.60%     31.17% |           4      5.19%     36.36% |           2      2.60%     38.96% |           1      1.30%     40.26% |           1      1.30%     41.56% |           1      1.30%     42.86% |           1      1.30%     44.16% |           2      2.60%     46.75% |           2      2.60%     49.35% |           3      3.90%     53.25% |           2      2.60%     55.84% |           2      2.60%     58.44% |           4      5.19%     63.64% |           3      3.90%     67.53% |           1      1.30%     68.83% |           2      2.60%     71.43% |           3      3.90%     75.32% |           3      3.90%     79.22% |           2      2.60%     81.82% |           4      5.19%     87.01% |           4      5.19%     92.21% |           3      3.90%     96.10% |           3      3.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           77                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          69      4.31%      4.31% |          45      2.81%      7.12% |          50      3.12%     10.25% |          45      2.81%     13.06% |          46      2.88%     15.94% |          48      3.00%     18.94% |          42      2.62%     21.56% |          49      3.06%     24.62% |          49      3.06%     27.69% |          43      2.69%     30.37% |          63      3.94%     34.31% |          43      2.69%     37.00% |          51      3.19%     40.19% |          44      2.75%     42.94% |          45      2.81%     45.75% |          40      2.50%     48.25% |          43      2.69%     50.94% |          46      2.88%     53.81% |          39      2.44%     56.25% |          51      3.19%     59.44% |          68      4.25%     63.69% |          92      5.75%     69.44% |          52      3.25%     72.69% |          49      3.06%     75.75% |          52      3.25%     79.00% |          46      2.88%     81.88% |          46      2.88%     84.75% |          49      3.06%     87.81% |          46      2.88%     90.69% |          46      2.88%     93.56% |          50      3.12%     96.69% |          53      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           0      0.00%      6.90% |           0      0.00%      6.90% |           0      0.00%      6.90% |           2      6.90%     13.79% |           0      0.00%     13.79% |           0      0.00%     13.79% |           0      0.00%     13.79% |           0      0.00%     13.79% |           2      6.90%     20.69% |           0      0.00%     20.69% |           0      0.00%     20.69% |           7     24.14%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           7     24.14%     68.97% |           0      0.00%     68.97% |           9     31.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      1.45%      1.45% |           0      0.00%      1.45% |           1      1.45%      2.90% |           0      0.00%      2.90% |           0      0.00%      2.90% |           0      0.00%      2.90% |           1      1.45%      4.35% |           1      1.45%      5.80% |           0      0.00%      5.80% |           4      5.80%     11.59% |          16     23.19%     34.78% |           2      2.90%     37.68% |           2      2.90%     40.58% |           1      1.45%     42.03% |           1      1.45%     43.48% |           2      2.90%     46.38% |           0      0.00%     46.38% |           0      0.00%     46.38% |           1      1.45%     47.83% |           0      0.00%     47.83% |           3      4.35%     52.17% |          27     39.13%     91.30% |           2      2.90%     94.20% |           2      2.90%     97.10% |           0      0.00%     97.10% |           0      0.00%     97.10% |           0      0.00%     97.10% |           1      1.45%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           1      1.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           69                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       26820      3.60%      3.60% |       23258      3.12%      6.71% |       23266      3.12%      9.83% |       23195      3.11%     12.94% |       23170      3.11%     16.05% |       23158      3.10%     19.15% |       23181      3.11%     22.26% |       23188      3.11%     25.37% |       23201      3.11%     28.48% |       23253      3.12%     31.60% |       23272      3.12%     34.72% |       23209      3.11%     37.83% |       23221      3.11%     40.94% |       23194      3.11%     44.05% |       23228      3.11%     47.17% |       23159      3.10%     50.27% |       23256      3.12%     53.39% |       23188      3.11%     56.50% |       23190      3.11%     59.61% |       23170      3.11%     62.71% |       23170      3.11%     65.82% |       23213      3.11%     68.93% |       23179      3.11%     72.04% |       23145      3.10%     75.14% |       23199      3.11%     78.25% |       23233      3.11%     81.37% |       23200      3.11%     84.48% |       23139      3.10%     87.58% |       23176      3.11%     90.69% |       23172      3.11%     93.79% |       23150      3.10%     96.90% |       23143      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       745896                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          35      4.87%      4.87% |          23      3.20%      8.08% |          23      3.20%     11.28% |          23      3.20%     14.48% |          22      3.06%     17.55% |          22      3.06%     20.61% |          22      3.06%     23.68% |          21      2.92%     26.60% |          22      3.06%     29.67% |          22      3.06%     32.73% |          22      3.06%     35.79% |          22      3.06%     38.86% |          22      3.06%     41.92% |          22      3.06%     44.99% |          22      3.06%     48.05% |          22      3.06%     51.11% |          22      3.06%     54.18% |          22      3.06%     57.24% |          22      3.06%     60.31% |          22      3.06%     63.37% |          22      3.06%     66.43% |          22      3.06%     69.50% |          22      3.06%     72.56% |          21      2.92%     75.49% |          22      3.06%     78.55% |          22      3.06%     81.62% |          22      3.06%     84.68% |          22      3.06%     87.74% |          22      3.06%     90.81% |          22      3.06%     93.87% |          22      3.06%     96.94% |          22      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          54     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      1.23%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           0      0.00%     67.90% |           1      1.23%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           0      0.00%     69.14% |           1      1.23%     70.37% |           2      2.47%     72.84% |           2      2.47%     75.31% |           1      1.23%     76.54% |           2      2.47%     79.01% |           2      2.47%     81.48% |           1      1.23%     82.72% |           2      2.47%     85.19% |           1      1.23%     86.42% |           2      2.47%     88.89% |           2      2.47%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      7.55%      7.55% |           3      5.66%     13.21% |           3      5.66%     18.87% |           2      3.77%     22.64% |           2      3.77%     26.42% |           3      5.66%     32.08% |           3      5.66%     37.74% |           2      3.77%     41.51% |           1      1.89%     43.40% |           2      3.77%     47.17% |           3      5.66%     52.83% |           2      3.77%     56.60% |           1      1.89%     58.49% |           1      1.89%     60.38% |           1      1.89%     62.26% |           1      1.89%     64.15% |           2      3.77%     67.92% |           1      1.89%     69.81% |           1      1.89%     71.70% |           0      0.00%     71.70% |           1      1.89%     73.58% |           2      3.77%     77.36% |           1      1.89%     79.25% |           1      1.89%     81.13% |           0      0.00%     81.13% |           2      3.77%     84.91% |           1      1.89%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           1      1.89%     88.68% |           2      3.77%     92.45% |           1      1.89%     94.34% |           3      5.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           53                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          55     96.49%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           0      0.00%     96.49% |           1      1.75%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           0      0.00%     98.25% |           1      1.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      9.09%      9.09% |          10     90.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      3.06%      3.06% |           0      0.00%      3.06% |           3      3.06%      6.12% |           2      2.04%      8.16% |           1      1.02%      9.18% |           1      1.02%     10.20% |           0      0.00%     10.20% |           2      2.04%     12.24% |           2      2.04%     14.29% |           1      1.02%     15.31% |           3      3.06%     18.37% |           2      2.04%     20.41% |           2      2.04%     22.45% |           0      0.00%     22.45% |           0      0.00%     22.45% |           0      0.00%     22.45% |           1      1.02%     23.47% |           1      1.02%     24.49% |           5      5.10%     29.59% |           8      8.16%     37.76% |          17     17.35%     55.10% |          17     17.35%     72.45% |           6      6.12%     78.57% |           7      7.14%     85.71% |           2      2.04%     87.76% |           2      2.04%     89.80% |           1      1.02%     90.82% |           2      2.04%     92.86% |           1      1.02%     93.88% |           2      2.04%     95.92% |           3      3.06%     98.98% |           1      1.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total           98                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          66      4.39%      4.39% |          45      3.00%      7.39% |          47      3.13%     10.52% |          43      2.86%     13.38% |          45      3.00%     16.38% |          47      3.13%     19.51% |          42      2.80%     22.30% |          47      3.13%     25.43% |          47      3.13%     28.56% |          42      2.80%     31.36% |          60      3.99%     35.35% |          41      2.73%     38.08% |          49      3.26%     41.34% |          44      2.93%     44.27% |          45      3.00%     47.27% |          40      2.66%     49.93% |          42      2.80%     52.73% |          45      3.00%     55.73% |          34      2.26%     57.99% |          43      2.86%     60.85% |          51      3.40%     64.25% |          75      4.99%     69.24% |          46      3.06%     72.30% |          42      2.80%     75.10% |          50      3.33%     78.43% |          44      2.93%     81.36% |          45      3.00%     84.35% |          47      3.13%     87.48% |          45      3.00%     90.48% |          44      2.93%     93.41% |          47      3.13%     96.54% |          52      3.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          23     54.76%     54.76% |           0      0.00%     54.76% |           0      0.00%     54.76% |           9     21.43%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           1      2.38%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           9     21.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         470      3.47%      3.47% |         423      3.13%      6.60% |         412      3.04%      9.64% |         412      3.04%     12.69% |         411      3.04%     15.73% |         402      2.97%     18.70% |         417      3.08%     21.78% |         417      3.08%     24.86% |         407      3.01%     27.87% |         415      3.07%     30.93% |         445      3.29%     34.22% |         437      3.23%     37.45% |         448      3.31%     40.76% |         428      3.16%     43.93% |         448      3.31%     47.24% |         438      3.24%     50.47% |         449      3.32%     53.79% |         439      3.24%     57.04% |         432      3.19%     60.23% |         411      3.04%     63.26% |         385      2.85%     66.11% |         406      3.00%     69.11% |         404      2.99%     72.10% |         398      2.94%     75.04% |         430      3.18%     78.21% |         449      3.32%     81.53% |         436      3.22%     84.75% |         401      2.96%     87.72% |         413      3.05%     90.77% |         424      3.13%     93.90% |         422      3.12%     97.02% |         403      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13532                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          18     14.06%     14.06% |           2      1.56%     15.62% |           1      0.78%     16.41% |          12      9.38%     25.78% |           3      2.34%     28.12% |           3      2.34%     30.47% |           4      3.12%     33.59% |           3      2.34%     35.94% |           5      3.91%     39.84% |           3      2.34%     42.19% |           2      1.56%     43.75% |           2      1.56%     45.31% |           3      2.34%     47.66% |           3      2.34%     50.00% |           4      3.12%     53.12% |           3      2.34%     55.47% |          16     12.50%     67.97% |           1      0.78%     68.75% |           2      1.56%     70.31% |           8      6.25%     76.56% |           1      0.78%     77.34% |           0      0.00%     77.34% |           1      0.78%     78.12% |           2      1.56%     79.69% |           3      2.34%     82.03% |           5      3.91%     85.94% |           4      3.12%     89.06% |           5      3.91%     92.97% |           3      2.34%     95.31% |           2      1.56%     96.88% |           2      1.56%     98.44% |           2      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total          128                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          18     12.95%     12.95% |           3      2.16%     15.11% |           2      1.44%     16.55% |          10      7.19%     23.74% |           3      2.16%     25.90% |           5      3.60%     29.50% |           6      4.32%     33.81% |           3      2.16%     35.97% |           5      3.60%     39.57% |           3      2.16%     41.73% |           2      1.44%     43.17% |           2      1.44%     44.60% |           4      2.88%     47.48% |           3      2.16%     49.64% |           5      3.60%     53.24% |           3      2.16%     55.40% |          16     11.51%     66.91% |           1      0.72%     67.63% |           3      2.16%     69.78% |           8      5.76%     75.54% |           1      0.72%     76.26% |           0      0.00%     76.26% |           1      0.72%     76.98% |           2      1.44%     78.42% |           4      2.88%     81.29% |           5      3.60%     84.89% |           5      3.60%     88.49% |           6      4.32%     92.81% |           3      2.16%     94.96% |           2      1.44%     96.40% |           2      1.44%     97.84% |           3      2.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total          139                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       12414      4.30%      4.30% |        8975      3.11%      7.42% |        8986      3.12%     10.53% |        8924      3.09%     13.62% |        8901      3.09%     16.71% |        8890      3.08%     19.79% |        8897      3.08%     22.88% |        8907      3.09%     25.97% |        8923      3.09%     29.06% |        8961      3.11%     32.17% |        8973      3.11%     35.28% |        8895      3.08%     38.36% |        8903      3.09%     41.45% |        8897      3.08%     44.53% |        8916      3.09%     47.62% |        8860      3.07%     50.69% |        8909      3.09%     53.78% |        8876      3.08%     56.86% |        8884      3.08%     59.94% |        8887      3.08%     63.02% |        8895      3.08%     66.10% |        8906      3.09%     69.19% |        8913      3.09%     72.28% |        8876      3.08%     75.36% |        8888      3.08%     78.44% |        8910      3.09%     81.53% |        8886      3.08%     84.61% |        8868      3.07%     87.68% |        8898      3.08%     90.77% |        8887      3.08%     93.85% |        8854      3.07%     96.92% |        8883      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       288442                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         450      3.33%      3.33% |         423      3.13%      6.46% |         415      3.07%      9.54% |         404      2.99%     12.53% |         410      3.04%     15.56% |         401      2.97%     18.53% |         414      3.07%     21.60% |         418      3.09%     24.69% |         407      3.01%     27.71% |         417      3.09%     30.79% |         443      3.28%     34.07% |         436      3.23%     37.30% |         450      3.33%     40.63% |         428      3.17%     43.80% |         448      3.32%     47.12% |         440      3.26%     50.38% |         450      3.33%     53.71% |         440      3.26%     56.97% |         434      3.21%     60.18% |         406      3.01%     63.19% |         385      2.85%     66.04% |         408      3.02%     69.06% |         404      2.99%     72.05% |         395      2.92%     74.97% |         427      3.16%     78.14% |         447      3.31%     81.45% |         436      3.23%     84.67% |         402      2.98%     87.65% |         415      3.07%     90.72% |         426      3.15%     93.88% |         425      3.15%     97.02% |         402      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13506                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       14980      3.14%      3.14% |       14884      3.12%      6.26% |       14889      3.12%      9.39% |       14891      3.12%     12.51% |       14883      3.12%     15.63% |       14891      3.12%     18.76% |       14894      3.12%     21.88% |       14887      3.12%     25.00% |       14895      3.12%     28.13% |       14899      3.13%     31.25% |       14880      3.12%     34.38% |       14902      3.13%     37.50% |       14892      3.12%     40.63% |       14893      3.12%     43.75% |       14888      3.12%     46.87% |       14883      3.12%     49.99% |       14921      3.13%     53.12% |       14896      3.12%     56.25% |       14896      3.12%     59.37% |       14901      3.13%     62.50% |       14914      3.13%     65.63% |       14923      3.13%     68.76% |       14886      3.12%     71.88% |       14898      3.13%     75.01% |       14908      3.13%     78.13% |       14900      3.13%     81.26% |       14902      3.13%     84.38% |       14893      3.12%     87.51% |       14887      3.12%     90.63% |       14883      3.12%     93.75% |       14895      3.12%     96.88% |       14882      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       476716                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           6     12.24%     18.37% |           2      4.08%     22.45% |           3      6.12%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.04%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           0      0.00%     30.61% |           1      2.04%     32.65% |           4      8.16%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           2      4.08%     44.90% |           0      0.00%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |          13     26.53%     77.55% |           3      6.12%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           0      0.00%     83.67% |           1      2.04%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           4      8.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       75895      7.22%      7.22% |       32862      3.13%     10.35% |       29484      2.81%     13.15% |       32395      3.08%     16.24% |       29784      2.83%     19.07% |       29679      2.82%     21.89% |       29093      2.77%     24.66% |       29698      2.83%     27.49% |       30397      2.89%     30.38% |       29990      2.85%     33.23% |       32549      3.10%     36.33% |       30866      2.94%     39.27% |       30523      2.90%     42.17% |       30304      2.88%     45.05% |       29598      2.82%     47.87% |       30195      2.87%     50.74% |       31502      3.00%     53.74% |       30314      2.88%     56.62% |       30938      2.94%     59.57% |       31635      3.01%     62.58% |       32123      3.06%     65.63% |       37031      3.52%     69.16% |       31250      2.97%     72.13% |       31248      2.97%     75.10% |       31260      2.97%     78.08% |       31241      2.97%     81.05% |       31164      2.97%     84.02% |       30878      2.94%     86.95% |       32691      3.11%     90.06% |       32157      3.06%     93.12% |       34149      3.25%     96.37% |       38123      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1051016                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1      1.25%      1.25% |           2      2.50%      3.75% |           1      1.25%      5.00% |           3      3.75%      8.75% |           3      3.75%     12.50% |           3      3.75%     16.25% |           4      5.00%     21.25% |           3      3.75%     25.00% |           5      6.25%     31.25% |           3      3.75%     35.00% |           1      1.25%     36.25% |           2      2.50%     38.75% |           3      3.75%     42.50% |           3      3.75%     46.25% |           4      5.00%     51.25% |           3      3.75%     55.00% |           3      3.75%     58.75% |           1      1.25%     60.00% |           2      2.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      1.25%     63.75% |           0      0.00%     63.75% |           1      1.25%     65.00% |           2      2.50%     67.50% |           3      3.75%     71.25% |           5      6.25%     77.50% |           4      5.00%     82.50% |           5      6.25%     88.75% |           3      3.75%     92.50% |           2      2.50%     95.00% |           2      2.50%     97.50% |           2      2.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          37     45.68%     45.68% |           0      0.00%     45.68% |           0      0.00%     45.68% |          13     16.05%     61.73% |           0      0.00%     61.73% |           0      0.00%     61.73% |           0      0.00%     61.73% |           0      0.00%     61.73% |           0      0.00%     61.73% |           0      0.00%     61.73% |           0      0.00%     61.73% |           0      0.00%     61.73% |           0      0.00%     61.73% |           0      0.00%     61.73% |           0      0.00%     61.73% |           0      0.00%     61.73% |          12     14.81%     76.54% |           0      0.00%     76.54% |           0      0.00%     76.54% |          17     20.99%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          38     23.60%     23.60% |           2      1.24%     24.84% |           1      0.62%     25.47% |          16      9.94%     35.40% |           3      1.86%     37.27% |           3      1.86%     39.13% |           4      2.48%     41.61% |           3      1.86%     43.48% |           5      3.11%     46.58% |           3      1.86%     48.45% |           1      0.62%     49.07% |           2      1.24%     50.31% |           3      1.86%     52.17% |           3      1.86%     54.04% |           4      2.48%     56.52% |           3      1.86%     58.39% |          15      9.32%     67.70% |           1      0.62%     68.32% |           2      1.24%     69.57% |          17     10.56%     80.12% |           1      0.62%     80.75% |           0      0.00%     80.75% |           1      0.62%     81.37% |           2      1.24%     82.61% |           3      1.86%     84.47% |           5      3.11%     87.58% |           4      2.48%     90.06% |           7      4.35%     94.41% |           3      1.86%     96.27% |           2      1.24%     97.52% |           2      1.24%     98.76% |           2      1.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total          161                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      339394     23.72%     23.72% |      715292     50.00%     73.72% |       46496      3.25%     76.97% |       47263      3.30%     80.28% |       47446      3.32%     83.59% |       47436      3.32%     86.91% |       45875      3.21%     90.12% |       47462      3.32%     93.43% |       46719      3.27%     96.70% |       47201      3.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1430584                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      339394     23.72%     23.72% |      715292     50.00%     73.72% |       46496      3.25%     76.97% |       47263      3.30%     80.28% |       47446      3.32%     83.59% |       47436      3.32%     86.91% |       45875      3.21%     90.12% |       47462      3.32%     93.43% |       46719      3.27%     96.70% |       47201      3.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1430584                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      339394     23.72%     23.72% |      715292     50.00%     73.72% |       46496      3.25%     76.97% |       47263      3.30%     80.28% |       47446      3.32%     83.59% |       47436      3.32%     86.91% |       45875      3.21%     90.12% |       47462      3.32%     93.43% |       46719      3.27%     96.70% |       47201      3.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1430584                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      339394     23.72%     23.72% |      715292     50.00%     73.72% |       46496      3.25%     76.97% |       47263      3.30%     80.28% |       47446      3.32%     83.59% |       47436      3.32%     86.91% |       45875      3.21%     90.12% |       47462      3.32%     93.43% |       46719      3.27%     96.70% |       47201      3.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1430584                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
