
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119697                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119696874000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5295864952500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  20319                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    35975                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               44492732                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6106124                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2690.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    54662345                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      96783074                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     45328768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          45328768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     20432000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       20432000                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       708262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             708262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       319250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            319250                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    378696339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            378696339                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    170697858                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           170697858                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    549394197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           549394197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     708262                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    319250                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   708262                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  319250                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              45311296                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  17472                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               20431744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               45328768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            20432000                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   273                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            44334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            44407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            43817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            44187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            44056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            44174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            45441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            44624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            43803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            44248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           43681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           44222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           43782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           43902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           44787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           44524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            20010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            20091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            20180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            20135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            19818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           19786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           19928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   101644                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    22855                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 119696470000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               708262                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              319250                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 176748                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  20862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  20135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  21075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  21640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  22136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  22076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  22020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  21428                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  20684                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                 20124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                 19052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                 17975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                 16770                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                 15563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                 14490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                 13416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                 12184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                 11159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                 10425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  9786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  9071                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  8290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  7666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  7243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  6961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  6612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  6230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  5975                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  5751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  5990                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                108452                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  43594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  47112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  49461                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  50963                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  52359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  18576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  19425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  37760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       308812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   212.884992                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.604301                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   165.270911                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        97055     31.43%     31.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        92100     29.82%     61.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73099     23.67%     84.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21275      6.89%     91.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16787      5.44%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4059      1.31%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2359      0.76%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1536      0.50%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          542      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       308812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        46140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.343997                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.765630                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        45760     99.18%     99.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          263      0.57%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           58      0.13%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           26      0.06%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            9      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            5      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        46140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        46140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.919072                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.312933                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.474802                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34772     75.36%     75.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4854     10.52%     85.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3373      7.31%     93.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3141      6.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        46140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 85225710060                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            98500503810                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3539945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   120377.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              139127.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      378.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      170.70                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   378.70                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   170.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        4.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.96                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  537820                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 180588                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               56.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    116491.55                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20233471250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3996720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    95460380500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1172971800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1161087480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              640014375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              633529875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2768695800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2752308000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1038543120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1029769200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         7817584320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         7817584320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49341424140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        48871671750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28532384250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        28944447750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          91311617805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          91210398375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          762.897414                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          762.051738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     44769920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          44769920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19871808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       19871808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       699530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             699530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       310497                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            310497                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    374027479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            374027479                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    166017769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           166017769                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    540045248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           540045248                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     699530                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    310497                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   699530                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  310497                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              44752896                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  17024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               19871616                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               44769920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            19871808                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   266                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            43892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            43953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            43244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            43616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            43530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            43483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            45004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            44169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            43329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            43663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           43080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           43728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           43224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           43289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           44009                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           44051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            19335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            19466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            19483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            19494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            19465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            19500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            19605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            19632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            19214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            19456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           19253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           19344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           19321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           19294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           19408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                   100480                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    22058                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 119696204000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               699530                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              310497                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 169656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  19617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  20201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  21126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  21886                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  22218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  22283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  22122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  21204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  20550                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                 19887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                 19024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                 18202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                 16837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                 15437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                 14613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                 13355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                 12351                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                 11424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                 10638                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  9646                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  8965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  8441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  8038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  7424                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  6932                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  6602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  6158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  5851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  5705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                107120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  41962                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  45364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  47592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  49256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  50781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  18756                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  19621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  37165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       294698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.282384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   165.488628                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.788019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        89880     30.50%     30.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        84665     28.73%     59.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73198     24.84%     84.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21479      7.29%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16816      5.71%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4096      1.39%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2418      0.82%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1610      0.55%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          536      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       294698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.717166                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    36.967967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44130     99.19%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          238      0.53%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           61      0.14%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           27      0.06%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           12      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            5      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        44489                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.979118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.356397                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.520586                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          33201     74.63%     74.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4747     10.67%     85.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3406      7.66%     92.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3135      7.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        44489                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 84525990075                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            97637190075                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3496320000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   120878.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              139628.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      373.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      166.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   374.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   166.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        4.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.95                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  534660                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 180384                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               58.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    118507.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20726516750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3996720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    94967334750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1122886800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1104516000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              612686250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              602662500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2736294600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2716646400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1010536560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1001036880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         7817584320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         7817584320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        48131286210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        47905579035                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29593908000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29791896750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          91025182740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          90939921885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          760.504292                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          759.791948                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     44727040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          44727040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19870336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       19870336                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       698860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             698860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       310474                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            310474                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    373669241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            373669241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    166005471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           166005471                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    539674712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           539674712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     698860                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    310474                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   698860                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  310474                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              44713152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  13888                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               19870336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               44727040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            19870336                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   217                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            43845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            43752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            43338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            43614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            43701                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            43361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            44919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            43973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            43388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            43457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           43202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           43761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           43321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           43085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           44055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           43871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            19379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            19430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            19483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            19490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            19515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            19453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            19570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            19576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            19298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            19407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           19270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           19332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           19279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           19347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           19361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    96658                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    22960                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 119696819000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               698860                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              310474                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 169952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  19487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  20222                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  21192                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  21681                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  22198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  22336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  22013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  21299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  20988                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                 20264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                 19307                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                 18141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                 17043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                 15925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                 14834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                 13815                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                 12664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                 11493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                 10613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  9777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  9102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  8493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  7971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  7253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  6843                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  6600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  6217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  5869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  5737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                103333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  41986                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  45385                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  47548                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  49404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  50645                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  18536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  19199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  37771                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       293441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   220.084310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.422478                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.412914                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        88348     30.11%     30.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        84723     28.87%     58.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73294     24.98%     83.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21553      7.34%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16979      5.79%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4113      1.40%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2313      0.79%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1581      0.54%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          537      0.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       293441                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44470                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.710389                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    37.645182                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44110     99.19%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          249      0.56%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           53      0.12%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           22      0.05%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           14      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            7      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.00%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        44470                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.981651                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.357877                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.525861                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          33188     74.63%     74.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4764     10.71%     85.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3330      7.49%     92.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3188      7.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        44470                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 83816473971                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            96916030221                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3493215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   119970.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              138720.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      373.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      166.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   373.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   166.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        4.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.95                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  534853                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 180808                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               58.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    118589.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20853105000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3996720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    94840735750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1115901360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1101854880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              608874750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              601210500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2733198000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2714891400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1009933920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1001412720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         7817584320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         7817584320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48373482915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47862685395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29381448750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29829516750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          91040424015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          90929155965                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          760.631695                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          759.702064                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     44743168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          44743168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19874560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       19874560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       699112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             699112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       310540                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            310540                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    373803981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            373803981                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    166040761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           166040761                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    539844741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           539844741                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     699112                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    310540                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   699112                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  310540                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              44727552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  15616                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               19874304                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               44743168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            19874560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   244                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            43893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            43705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            43288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            43600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            43672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            43466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            44948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            43864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            43415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            43480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           43326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           43612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           43373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           43173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           44214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           43839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            19428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            19392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            19463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            19477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            19530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            19510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            19551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            19546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            19335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            19416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           19301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           19321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           19275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           19361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           19343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                   100103                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    22620                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 119695852500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               699112                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              310540                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 169504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  19606                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  20312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  21231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  21708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  22286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  22287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  22062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  21781                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  20880                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                 19840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                 19035                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                 18048                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                 16928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                 15651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                 14756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                 13689                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                 12553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                 11504                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                 10567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  9710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  8846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  8369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  7547                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  7090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  6537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  6283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  6056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  5759                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  5673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                106940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  41996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  45452                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  47611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  49369                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  50731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  18532                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  19413                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  37436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       293698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   219.952087                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   166.230390                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.500664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        88907     30.27%     30.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        84158     28.65%     58.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73705     25.10%     84.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        21526      7.33%     91.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        16812      5.72%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4082      1.39%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2374      0.81%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1590      0.54%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          544      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       293698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     15.714337                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    38.784938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44093     99.15%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          264      0.59%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           57      0.13%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           20      0.04%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           17      0.04%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            8      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        44472                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.982731                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.359528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.522405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          33131     74.50%     74.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          4835     10.87%     85.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3377      7.59%     92.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         3129      7.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        44472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 84294325932                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            97398100932                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3494340000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   120615.52                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              139365.52                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      373.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      166.04                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   373.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   166.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        4.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.95                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  534623                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 181068                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               58.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    118551.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20289122000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3996720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    95404783250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1115825760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1104001920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              608833500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              602382000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2732769000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2717176800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1010011680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1001879280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         7817584320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         7817584320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48105299340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47643299235                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29616735750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30021999000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          91007059350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          90908322555                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          760.352532                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          759.527599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1478                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1478                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          566                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5968                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1132                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4522                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5534                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              543380                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              133880                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1992000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                512                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                5119                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               27246895                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 48.387472                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                32.687040                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                72.029734                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    27103425     99.47%     99.47% |      143234      0.53%    100.00% |         165      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 27246895                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     39514003                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.750990                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.806055                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      4.326795                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    35201736     89.09%     89.09% |     1795396      4.54%     93.63% |      633675      1.60%     95.23% |      591903      1.50%     96.73% |      425599      1.08%     97.81% |      306438      0.78%     98.58% |      228542      0.58%     99.16% |      209620      0.53%     99.69% |      121094      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      39514003                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            2048                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            20479                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            39513999                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              54.319177                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              5.032877                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            227.192614                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    39426557     99.78%     99.78% |       79896      0.20%     99.98% |        6578      0.02%    100.00% |         817      0.00%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              39513999                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        35020515                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000243                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000206                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.016698                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    35012594     99.98%     99.98% |        7388      0.02%    100.00% |         492      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          35020515                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4493484                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        454.279543                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       283.642859                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       522.878620                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4406042     98.05%     98.05% |       79896      1.78%     99.83% |        6578      0.15%     99.98% |         817      0.02%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4493484                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         580745                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       580745                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          862                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          832                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          847                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          829                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24688523                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       905115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25593638                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10328615                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126499                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10455114                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1049506                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        37847                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       376030                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2035019                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        64031                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216289                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        92069                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          272                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        91972                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          273                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216303                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        91877                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          261                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216315                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        91745                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          263                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216313                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        91979                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          267                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216309                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        91911                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          265                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216311                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        92106                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          272                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216304                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        91766                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits          157                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216419                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles        92263                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits          136                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216440                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles        91902                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits          145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216431                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles        91954                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits          144                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216432                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles        91993                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits          169                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216407                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles        92038                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits          176                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216400                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles        91679                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits          161                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles        92044                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits          129                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses       216447                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       216576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles        91804                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       126621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       101203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        45274                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        92126                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137400                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        46213                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        91997                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       138210                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        45351                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        91671                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       137022                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        44160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        91634                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135794                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        45310                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        91580                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136890                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        43506                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        91598                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       135104                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        43291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        91824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       135115                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        44630                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        91932                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136562                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        44617                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        91821                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136438                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        44716                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        91527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       136243                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        44695                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        91361                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       136056                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        44011                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        91853                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        44627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        91427                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       136054                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        59315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        91865                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       151180                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        52794                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        91714                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144508                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        43434                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        91893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       135327                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        43975                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        92083                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       136058                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        44441                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        91930                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136371                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        43915                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        91588                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135503                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        45243                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        91496                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136739                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        45854                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        91473                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       137327                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        45887                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        91817                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137704                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        46250                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        91732                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137982                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        49185                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        91962                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       141147                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        55357                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        92273                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147630                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        44382                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        91700                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       136082                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        44561                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        91576                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       136137                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        43798                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        91802                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135600                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        42514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        92146                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        43187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        92201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       135388                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        45528                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        92040                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137568                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          367                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     23326733                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     23326733                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     24204961                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     23326733                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10830844                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10747813                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     23326733                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.097441                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     15432213                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     15432213                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16520661                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15432213                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8265474                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8123745                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     15432213                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.064464                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     12954325                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     12954325                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13814619                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12954325                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5583945                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5509713                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     12954325                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.054113                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     12245052                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     12245052                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13122318                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12245052                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5411810                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5335312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     12245052                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.051150                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     12913521                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     12913521                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13769412                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12913521                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6480985                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6377817                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     12913521                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.053943                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     12952751                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     12952751                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13996009                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12952751                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6628249                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6514331                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     12952751                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.054106                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     15922413                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     15922413                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     17100948                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15922413                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6802979                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6680925                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     15922413                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.066511                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14007957                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14007957                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15224160                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14007957                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6326507                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6219045                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14007957                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.058514                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      8458922                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      8458922                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8909470                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8458922                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3771263                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3729430                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      8458922                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.035335                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads     10024833                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes     10024833                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10769500                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10024833                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4737452                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4670253                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity     10024833                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.041876                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads     10418144                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes     10418144                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11219635                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10418144                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4662435                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4585800                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity     10418144                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.043519                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      8714166                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      8714166                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9169661                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8714166                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3835098                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3794230                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      8714166                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.036401                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads     10260132                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes     10260132                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10961121                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10260132                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4749852                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4690452                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity     10260132                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.042859                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      9936483                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      9936483                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10664396                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9936483                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4456482                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4387451                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      9936483                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.041507                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      6817700                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      6817700                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7263029                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6817700                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3209365                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3164156                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      6817700                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.028479                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      9235941                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      9235941                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9978069                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9235941                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4546964                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4431805                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      9235941                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.038581                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads     10485484                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes     10485484                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11206005                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10485484                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4984574                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4878476                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity     10485484                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.043800                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      9577875                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      9577875                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10243490                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9577875                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4602825                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4529467                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      9577875                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.040009                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      7278833                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      7278833                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7539710                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7278832                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3464229                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3449209                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      7278832                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.030405                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      4877377                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      4877377                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5086447                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4877377                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2236384                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2225157                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      4877377                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.020374                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3155567                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3155567                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3177458                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3155567                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1457220                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1456723                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3155567                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.013181                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3715052                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3715052                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3745915                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3715052                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1893424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1891364                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3715052                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.015519                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3804756                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3804756                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3840731                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3804756                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1854975                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1852864                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3804756                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.015893                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2578431                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2578431                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2587790                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2578431                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1233656                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1233255                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2578431                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.010771                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3110599                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3110599                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3131158                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3110599                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1409434                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1408979                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3110599                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.012994                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3508805                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3508805                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3539693                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3508805                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1780748                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1778713                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3508805                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.014657                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3705047                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3705047                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3740819                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3705047                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1798710                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1796623                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3705047                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.015477                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2586029                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2586029                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2595737                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2586029                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1235901                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1235461                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2586029                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.010802                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     13832965                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     13832965                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15274825                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13832965                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6069345                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5992297                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     13832965                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.057783                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     14044141                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     14044141                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15275070                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14044139                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6256785                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6180246                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     14044138                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.058665                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     15408581                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     15408581                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     17216166                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15408581                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6839923                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6719181                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     15408581                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.064365                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     15059310                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     15059310                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16669125                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15059308                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6835623                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6717795                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     15059307                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.062906                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    19590325     25.80%     25.80% |    51742954     68.13%     93.93% |     4609671      6.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     75942950                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    19590326     25.80%     25.80% |    51742964     68.13%     93.93% |     4609671      6.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     75942961                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   744371795                       |  1414270037                       |   115969852                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1043822468                       |   240070134                       |     4611673                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.996909                       |   27.332611                       |   25.157946                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   53.282550                       |    4.639668                       |    1.000434                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.951584                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    16.966740                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         46.918324                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.005239                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.106158      6.58%      6.58% |    0.105888      6.56%     13.14% |    0.103523      6.42%     19.56% |    0.103418      6.41%     25.97% |    0.275169     17.05%     43.02% |    0.270397     16.76%     59.78% |    0.274717     17.02%     76.80% |    0.269652     16.71%     93.51% |    0.026173      1.62%     95.13% |    0.026180      1.62%     96.76% |    0.026179      1.62%     98.38% |    0.026178      1.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.613631                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.040513                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023686                       |    0.000000                       |    0.003799                       |    0.003802                       |    0.003801                       |    0.003804                       |    0.003818                       |    0.003808                       |    0.003787                       |    0.003816                       |    0.003760                       |    0.003801                       |    0.003798                       |    0.003772                       |    0.003750                       |    0.003775                       |    0.003754                       |    0.003791                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007229                       |    0.004741                       |    0.004701                       |    0.004750                       |    0.004702                       |    0.004698                       |    0.004691                       |    0.004674                       |    0.004693                       |    0.004740                       |    0.004758                       |    0.004726                       |    0.004697                       |    0.004721                       |    0.004680                       |    0.004683                       |    0.004719                       |    0.004716                       |    0.004710                       |    0.004706                       |    0.004708                       |    0.005091                       |    0.004921                       |    0.004694                       |    0.004712                       |    0.004718                       |    0.004695                       |    0.004717                       |    0.004734                       |    0.004742                       |    0.004832                       |    0.005000                       |    0.017745                       |    0.017524                       |    0.017508                       |    0.017514                       |    0.000101                       |           0                       |    0.001680                       |    0.004107                       |    0.000150                       |    0.000153                       |    0.000152                       |    0.000156                       |    0.000153                       |    0.000154                       |    0.000149                       |    0.000152                       |    0.000148                       |    0.000150                       |    0.000152                       |    0.000151                       |    0.000148                       |    0.000153                       |    0.000153                       |    0.000154                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004710                       |    0.000103                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004809                       |    0.003560                       |    0.005401                       |    0.004698                       |    0.000149                       |    0.006252                       |    0.011152                       |    0.007683                       |           0                       |    0.004728                       |    0.011145                       |           0                       |    0.015649                       |    0.018606                       |    0.007656                       |    0.005399                       |    0.004704                       |    0.000150                       |    0.016394                       |    0.013148                       |    0.014318                       |    0.005404                       |    0.004748                       |    0.000153                       |    0.018432                       |    0.013337                       |    0.009077                       |           0                       |    0.004714                       |    0.010925                       |           0                       |    0.020806                       |    0.014558                       |    0.007662                       |    0.005408                       |    0.004716                       |    0.000150                       |    0.011455                       |    0.006217                       |    0.008455                       |           0                       |    0.004714                       |           0                       |    0.004712                       |    0.003567                       |           0                       |    0.005006                       |           0                       |    0.002120                       |    0.005091                       |    0.003302                       |    0.005407                       |    0.004712                       |    0.000152                       |    0.006248                       |    0.004969                       |    0.011502                       |    0.008886                       |    0.005402                       |    0.004705                       |    0.000152                       |    0.007759                       |    0.013165                       |    0.015265                       |    0.007494                       |    0.025389                       |    0.006495                       |    0.001680                       |    0.008426                       |    0.020227                       |    0.024139                       |    0.011085                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004728                       |    0.004107                       |    0.008490                       |    0.016963                       |    0.019091                       |    0.011083                       |    0.005400                       |    0.004690                       |    0.000156                       |    0.011607                       |    0.014467                       |    0.011638                       |    0.006149                       |    0.005407                       |    0.004695                       |    0.000152                       |    0.008453                       |    0.011403                       |    0.004513                       |    0.008236                       |           0                       |    0.004705                       |           0                       |    0.002065                       |    0.004718                       |    0.003170                       |           0                       |    0.004842                       |           0                       |    0.001898                       |    0.004921                       |    0.004232                       |    0.005407                       |    0.004743                       |    0.000148                       |    0.007228                       |    0.006287                       |    0.011317                       |    0.008389                       |           0                       |    0.004818                       |    0.010919                       |           0                       |    0.005903                       |    0.015641                       |    0.018669                       |    0.008415                       |    0.005399                       |    0.004698                       |    0.000153                       |    0.018299                       |    0.016391                       |    0.013124                       |    0.008447                       |    0.005403                       |    0.004687                       |    0.000154                       |    0.007931                       |    0.018563                       |    0.013295                       |    0.008482                       |           0                       |    0.004926                       |    0.010922                       |           0                       |    0.007293                       |    0.020976                       |    0.014545                       |    0.004244                       |    0.005401                       |    0.004710                       |    0.000151                       |    0.009403                       |    0.011383                       |    0.006221                       |    0.004239                       |           0                       |    0.004693                       |           0                       |    0.001860                       |    0.004695                       |    0.004229                       |           0                       |    0.004694                       |           0                       |    0.001383                       |    0.004694                       |    0.005404                       |    0.004680                       |    0.000148                       |    0.005405                       |    0.001845                       |    0.010998                       |    0.005401                       |    0.004685                       |    0.000153                       |    0.006823                       |    0.006818                       |    0.014700                       |    0.005400                       |    0.004714                       |    0.000153                       |    0.009532                       |    0.010558                       |    0.013445                       |    0.005407                       |    0.004705                       |    0.000154                       |    0.004696                       |    0.012026                       |    0.013020                       |           0                       |    0.004707                       |           0                       |    0.009566                       |    0.009421                       |    0.006711                       |           0                       |    0.004700                       |           0                       |    0.005386                       |    0.008431                       |    0.001856                       |           0                       |    0.004694                       |           0                       |    0.001391                       |    0.004717                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.613631                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8940304                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8940304                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       389955                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6421976                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5805771                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.404745                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          702346                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30139                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15432043                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86368                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18921982                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181241                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15518411                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19103223                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  34354025                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267609                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              34621634                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10462216                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9644                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10471860                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10462216                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9644                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10471860                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                235847366                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     34556652                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               63064924                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8940304                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6508117                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             195697134                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          908106                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       182794                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       301690                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       343913                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10461548                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230930                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3957                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    231682031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.495749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.710339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209662677     90.50%     90.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1988453      0.86%     91.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3033298      1.31%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           859527      0.37%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3069131      1.32%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1438889      0.62%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          3871905      1.67%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           545049      0.24%     96.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7213102      3.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    231682031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.037907                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267397                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13369926                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     202587861                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6772805                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8497379                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         454053                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      110368304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         454053                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         15993798                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       124064683                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13484318                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12295426                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      65389746                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      108365603                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         68887                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5793884                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    119636696                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     244409501                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    160137826                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     106144148                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13492546                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363511                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367065                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52736308                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8176535                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19334345                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1948494                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1721614                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          106422549                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       694357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         111324327                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326723                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10014243                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14627790                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       137001                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231682031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480505                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.198036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184902384     79.81%     79.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19598376      8.46%     88.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10536694      4.55%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5986546      2.58%     95.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3706175      1.60%     97.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5035651      2.17%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083437      0.47%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472796      0.20%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359972      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231682031                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113374      9.71%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913216     78.17%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141600     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417204      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      76327661     68.56%     68.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52399      0.05%     68.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52160      0.05%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15334583     13.77%     82.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19140311     17.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      111324327                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.472019                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168190                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010494                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    455825436                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    117139741                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102653364                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      112075229                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2126472                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1471581                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2663                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8956                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       740742                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8931250                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         454053                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6318757                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     111580401                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107116906                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108457                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8176535                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19334345                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       684935                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         247614                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8956                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330199                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461696                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     110612235                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      15119488                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445028                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             34053775                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7498576                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18934287                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.468999                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              102762088                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             102653418                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          53410258                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          81507213                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435254                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.655283                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10247922                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       557356                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403988                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229998272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282802                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191983057     83.47%     83.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16125962      7.01%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11021407      4.79%     95.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2587439      1.12%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2351444      1.02%     97.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1017320      0.44%     97.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155279      0.50%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       622984      0.27%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3133380      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229998272                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54662344                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       96783071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               25298556                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6704953                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6973619                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          96127477                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       618133                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178700      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     71203767     73.57%     73.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51116      0.05%     73.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50923      0.05%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6704953      6.93%     80.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18593603     19.21%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     96783071                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3133380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333645510                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           215756356                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87390                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4165335                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            54662344                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              96783071                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.314622                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.314622                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.231770                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.231770                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        166104323                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        75548155                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          35371241                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         36889541                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49326827                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357569                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               7083491500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            7083491499.999990                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          512                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         5119                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12325647                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        70.599468                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       41.798694                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      101.182778                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    12182391     98.84%     98.84% |      143020      1.16%    100.00% |         165      0.00%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12325647                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      14379318                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        30.160908                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.758099                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.690247                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    14336863     99.70%     99.70% |       38551      0.27%     99.97% |        3078      0.02%     99.99% |         612      0.00%    100.00% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |          65      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        14379318                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        541930                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        26.813374                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.655576                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.462729                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       69431     12.81%     12.81% |      290308     53.57%     66.38% |      163735     30.21%     96.59% |       18003      3.32%     99.92% |         444      0.08%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          541930                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9204194                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          128.523066                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean          11.348567                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         320.236905                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     9167435     99.60%     99.60% |       33938      0.37%     99.97% |        2522      0.03%    100.00% |         267      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9204194                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6484201                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000947                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000807                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.032455                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6478360     99.91%     99.91% |        5590      0.09%    100.00% |         211      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6484201                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2719993                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     427.755695                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    270.476225                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    468.961128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2683234     98.65%     98.65% |       33938      1.25%     99.90% |        2522      0.09%     99.99% |         267      0.01%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2719993                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         20479                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         19574856                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           46.899461                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.449589                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         227.703669                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    19524183     99.74%     99.74% |       45948      0.23%     99.98% |        4056      0.02%    100.00% |         550      0.00%    100.00% |          94      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           19574856                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17948723                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000126                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000106                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.012554                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17946745     99.99%     99.99% |        1696      0.01%    100.00% |         281      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17948723                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         2048                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        20479                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1626133                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     531.445929                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    344.973367                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    606.699631                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1575460     96.88%     96.88% |       45948      2.83%     99.71% |        4056      0.25%     99.96% |         550      0.03%     99.99% |          94      0.01%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1626133                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10455111                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.046189                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.120130                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.580460                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10454625    100.00%    100.00% |         402      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10455111                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10328615                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10328614    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10328615                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126496                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.469264                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.993178                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    75.463181                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126010     99.62%     99.62% |         402      0.32%     99.93% |          58      0.05%     99.98% |          17      0.01%     99.99% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126496                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278528                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.973977                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.867536                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.393961                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      277311     99.56%     99.56% |        1104      0.40%     99.96% |         105      0.04%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278528                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257699                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019793                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257598     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257699                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20829                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.624178                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.461512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    84.814339                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       19612     94.16%     94.16% |        1104      5.30%     99.46% |         105      0.50%     99.96% |           7      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20829                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       313777                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     13611354                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        88476                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    30255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    55489                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    30402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    55208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    30341                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    55320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    30395                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    55501                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    30339                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    55445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   30292                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   54978                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   30038                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   55155                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   30002                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   55544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   30070                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                   55174                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   30295                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                   55040                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                   30220                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   55312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                   30122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   55533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                   29877                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                   55081                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   29970                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                   55778                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   30048                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                   55098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                   30120                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   55249                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  41969                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  88927                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  41822                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  89208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  41883                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  89096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  41829                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  88915                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  41885                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                  88971                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 41932                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 89438                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 42186                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                 89261                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 42222                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 88872                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                 42154                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                 89242                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                 41929                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                 89376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                 42004                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                 89104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                 42102                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                 88883                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                 42347                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                 89335                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                 42254                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                 88638                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                 42176                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                 89318                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                 42104                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                 89167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    45115                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    85192                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    44732                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    85249                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    44840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    85156                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    44859                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    84630                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    44967                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    84898                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   44756                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   85292                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   45303                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   85399                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   45218                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   84852                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                   45203                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                   85448                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                   45016                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                   85465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                   45056                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                   85139                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                   45130                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                   84992                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                   45313                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                   85387                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                   45300                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                   84410                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                   45177                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                   85098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                   45067                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                   85014                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses               72224                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 3730691                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140671231612462                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140671226007610                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 9317045                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 3735416                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                40144248                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                34526059                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                40130271                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                34552812                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                40137833                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles               34525877                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles               40140303                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles               34649788                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles               40153554                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles               34620749                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles               40149129                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles               34626205                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles               40199765                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles               34602222                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles               40148784                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles               34610587                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles               40152897                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles               34567886                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles               40132859                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles               34597084                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles               40180970                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles               34605158                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles               40154784                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles               34609220                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles               40188680                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles               34565299                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles               40143210                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  113689                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                 113694                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                 113696                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                  41504                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                 113691                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  30727                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                 30722                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                 30720                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                 30725                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                17484                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                44065                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                17624                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                43701                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                17743                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                43883                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                17461                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                44092                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                17487                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                43922                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               17838                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               43665                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               17374                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               43754                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               17290                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               44000                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               17462                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits               43810                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               17641                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits               43679                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits               17438                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               43808                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits               17436                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               43988                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits               17508                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits               43707                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               17269                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits               44207                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits               17324                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits               43632                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits               17384                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               43638                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              24020                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              69624                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              23880                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              69995                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              23761                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              69813                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              24043                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              69604                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              24017                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses              69774                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             23666                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             70031                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             24130                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses             69942                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             24214                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             69696                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses             24042                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses             69886                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses             23863                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses             70017                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses             24066                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses             69886                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses             24068                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses             69708                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses             23996                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses             69989                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses             24235                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses             69489                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses             24180                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses             70064                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses             24120                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses             70053                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               12771                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               11424                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               12778                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               11507                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               12598                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               11437                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               12934                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               11409                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               12852                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               11523                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              12454                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              11313                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              12664                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              11401                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              12712                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              11544                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits              12608                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits              11364                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits              12654                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits              11361                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits              12782                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits              11504                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits              12686                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits              11545                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits              12369                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits              11374                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits              12701                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits              11571                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits              12724                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits              11466                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits              12736                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits              11611                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             17949                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             19303                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             17942                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             19213                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             18122                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             19283                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             17786                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             19311                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             17868                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             19197                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            18266                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            19407                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            18056                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            19319                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            18008                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            19176                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses            18112                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses            19356                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses            18066                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses            19359                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses            17938                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses            19218                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses            18034                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses            19175                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses            18351                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses            19346                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses            18019                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses            19149                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses            17996                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses            19254                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses            17984                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses            19114                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                4243175                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                9715737                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                4237944                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                9714150                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                4246768                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                9717262                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                4228545                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                9715600                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                4240191                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                9712167                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               4268010                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               9717405                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               4312022                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               9715094                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               4314161                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               9714900                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               4311965                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles               9777010                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               4307916                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles               9742329                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles               4311986                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               9737527                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles               4315244                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               9736663                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles               4319163                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles               9763099                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               4315278                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles               9743127                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               4312114                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles               9768221                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles               4313996                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               9738246                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                      64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                     64                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               3923260                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               9299253                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               3920791                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               9295769                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               3930463                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               9292092                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               3912725                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               9305519                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               3925025                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               9298737                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              3963184                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              9292105                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              3979152                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              9281130                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              3979666                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              9276972                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              3959176                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles              9292252                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              3959759                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles              9260562                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles              3959871                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              9268949                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles              3967994                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              9267933                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles              3969963                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles              9286434                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              3961947                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles              9277551                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              3963863                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles              9298974                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles              3963898                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              9268859                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles           1048768                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles           1966272                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2107438                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2382508                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2103828                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2359326                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2099773                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2402320                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2083494                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2390073                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2072756                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2397931                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2075925                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2420787                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             1993354                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2408498                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             1986865                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2357282                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles             2021639                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles             2407453                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles             2009915                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles             2488665                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles             2013635                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles             2462596                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles             2024404                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles             2455260                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles             2087089                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles             2471112                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles             2027884                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles             2449229                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles             2038920                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles             2445648                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles             2034140                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles             2456003                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          3923260                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          9299253                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          3920791                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          9295769                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          3930463                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          9292092                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          3912725                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          9305519                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          3925025                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          9298737                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         3963184                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         9292105                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         3979152                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         9281130                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         3979666                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         9276972                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         3959176                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time         9292252                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         3959759                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time         9260562                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time         3959871                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         9268949                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time         3967994                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         9267933                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time         3969963                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time         9286434                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         3961947                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time         9277551                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         3963863                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time         9298974                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time         3963898                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         9268859                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time      1048768                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time      1966272                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2107438                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2382508                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2103828                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2359326                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2099773                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2402320                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2083494                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2390073                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2072756                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2397931                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2075925                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2420787                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1993354                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2408498                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1986865                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2357282                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time        2021639                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time        2407453                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time        2009915                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time        2488665                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time        2013635                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time        2462596                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time        2024404                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time        2455260                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time        2087089                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time        2471112                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time        2027884                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time        2449229                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time        2038920                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time        2445648                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time        2034140                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time        2456003                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            4112079                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            9469953                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            4106848                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            9468366                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            4115672                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            9471478                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4097449                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            9469816                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4109095                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            9466383                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           4136914                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           9471621                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           4181231                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           9469310                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4183372                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           9469116                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           4181486                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time           9531226                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           4176820                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time           9496545                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time           4180890                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           9491743                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time           4184148                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           9490879                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time           4188067                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time           9517315                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           4184182                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time           9497343                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           4181018                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time           9522437                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time           4182900                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           9492462                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         227454565                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         227454561                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         227454567                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         227454563                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         227454572                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        227454568                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        227454584                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        227454580                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles        225273831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        227454589                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        225273827                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        227454585                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles        225273823                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles        227454581                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        225273829                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        227454587                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        225273843                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles        227454601                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles        225273839                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        227454597                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        225273835                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        227454593                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles        225273831                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles        227454589                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          9164437                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         11853616                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          9153709                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         11885480                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          9170869                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         11888447                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          9135118                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11886042                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          9161318                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         11881939                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         9170021                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        11919431                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         9195641                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        11916377                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         9201876                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles        11852309                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         9195788                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles        11916482                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         9182699                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles        11881090                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles         9200135                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles        11918093                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         9200151                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles        11912604                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         9171858                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles        11921760                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         9203994                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles        11874291                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         9200490                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles        11884843                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles         9200753                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles        11883002                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              6454                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             12850                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0              6521                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             13068                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0              6490                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             13034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0              6518                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             13201                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0              6551                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             13171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0             6499                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            13067                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0             6478                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0            12945                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0             6557                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            13190                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0             6506                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0            12899                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0             6503                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0            12949                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0             6419                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0            13123                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0             6498                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0            13111                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0             6485                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0            13003                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0             6569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0            13373                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0             6563                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0            13287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0             6557                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0            13338                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              2309                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              3347                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              2398                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              3151                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              2343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              3386                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              2493                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              3219                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              2425                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             3131                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             2392                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             3069                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             2318                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             3159                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             2374                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1             3053                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             2259                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1             3064                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1             2323                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1             3311                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1             2346                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             3160                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1             2325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1             2918                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1             2319                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1             3086                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             2426                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1             3160                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1             2399                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1             3216                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1             2426                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3557                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              7492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              7656                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              3614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              7673                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              3685                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              7940                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              3548                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              7717                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             4029                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             7678                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             3269                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             7457                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             3377                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             7784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2             3279                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             7400                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2             3547                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             7490                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2             3370                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2             7736                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             3393                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2             7684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             3334                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2             7390                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2             3297                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             7871                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2             3384                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             7702                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2             3607                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2             7808                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         2896376                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         8529853                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         2880120                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         8587972                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         2933907                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         8525612                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         2887425                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         8548329                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         2914828                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         8597248                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        2881601                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        8545708                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        2908535                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        8537837                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        2923114                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        8584572                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles        2945268                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles        8509359                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles        2902033                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles        8514425                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles        2923325                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles        8582478                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles        2904868                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles        8544098                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles        2896194                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles        8517828                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles        2886844                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles        8582714                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles        2930022                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles        8596236                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles        2892111                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles        8596567                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      708237     25.24%     25.24% |      699530     24.93%     50.17% |      698860     24.91%     75.08% |      699112     24.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2805739                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      313392     25.54%     25.54% |      304626     24.82%     50.36% |      304603     24.82%     75.18% |      304669     24.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1227290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      708262     25.24%     25.24% |      699530     24.93%     50.18% |      698859     24.91%     75.08% |      699112     24.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2805763                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      319250     25.52%     25.52% |      310497     24.82%     50.35% |      310474     24.82%     75.17% |      310540     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1250761                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      386653     25.02%     25.02% |      386712     25.02%     50.03% |      386065     24.98%     75.01% |      386252     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1545682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      708237     25.24%     25.24% |      699530     24.93%     50.17% |      698860     24.91%     75.08% |      699112     24.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2805739                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      313147     25.53%     25.53% |      304449     24.82%     50.35% |      304426     24.82%     75.17% |      304492     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1226514                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      386653     25.02%     25.02% |      386712     25.02%     50.03% |      386065     24.98%     75.01% |      386252     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1545682                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      708237     25.24%     25.24% |      699530     24.93%     50.17% |      698859     24.91%     75.08% |      699112     24.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2805738                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      313147     25.53%     25.53% |      304449     24.82%     50.35% |      304426     24.82%     75.17% |      304492     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1226514                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6726202     73.04%     73.04% |          34      0.00%     73.04% |      155136      1.68%     74.73% |      155136      1.68%     76.41% |      155137      1.68%     78.10% |      155136      1.68%     79.78% |      155136      1.68%     81.47% |      155136      1.68%     83.15% |      155137      1.68%     84.84% |      155137      1.68%     86.52% |      155150      1.68%     88.21% |      155139      1.68%     89.89% |      155143      1.68%     91.58% |      155151      1.68%     93.26% |      155144      1.68%     94.95% |      155136      1.68%     96.63% |      155137      1.68%     98.32% |      155145      1.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9208472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10455155    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10455155                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18875028     95.05%     95.05% |           0      0.00%     95.05% |       61440      0.31%     95.36% |       61440      0.31%     95.67% |       61440      0.31%     95.98% |       61440      0.31%     96.29% |       61440      0.31%     96.60% |       61440      0.31%     96.91% |       61440      0.31%     97.22% |       61440      0.31%     97.52% |       61440      0.31%     97.83% |       61443      0.31%     98.14% |       61440      0.31%     98.45% |       61444      0.31%     98.76% |       61440      0.31%     99.07% |       61442      0.31%     99.38% |       61446      0.31%     99.69% |       61445      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19858088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       31520      6.60%      6.60% |          34      0.01%      6.61% |       27727      5.81%     12.42% |       27434      5.75%     18.17% |       28385      5.95%     24.11% |       28873      6.05%     30.16% |       29318      6.14%     36.30% |       28283      5.92%     42.23% |       25734      5.39%     47.62% |       24309      5.09%     52.71% |       25640      5.37%     58.08% |       28708      6.01%     64.10% |       28330      5.93%     70.03% |       29565      6.19%     76.22% |       28395      5.95%     82.17% |       28929      6.06%     88.23% |       28196      5.91%     94.14% |       27977      5.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       477357                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1029614     22.12%     22.12% |           0      0.00%     22.12% |      226334      4.86%     26.99% |      226418      4.86%     31.85% |      226251      4.86%     36.71% |      226620      4.87%     41.58% |      226326      4.86%     46.45% |      226569      4.87%     51.31% |      226629      4.87%     56.18% |      226561      4.87%     61.05% |      226918      4.88%     65.93% |      226885      4.88%     70.80% |      226283      4.86%     75.66% |      226347      4.86%     80.53% |      227023      4.88%     85.41% |      226543      4.87%     90.27% |      226433      4.87%     95.14% |      226266      4.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      4654020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        4606      7.13%      7.14% |        4335      6.71%     13.85% |        4480      6.94%     20.79% |        4792      7.42%     28.21% |        5302      8.21%     36.42% |        4616      7.15%     43.57% |        3963      6.14%     49.71% |        4288      6.64%     56.35% |        2457      3.80%     60.16% |        4191      6.49%     66.65% |        4023      6.23%     72.88% |        3844      5.95%     78.83% |        2696      4.18%     83.00% |        3876      6.00%     89.01% |        3202      4.96%     93.96% |        3897      6.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        64573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      239264     10.15%     10.15% |          29      0.00%     10.16% |      131275      5.57%     15.73% |      132989      5.64%     21.37% |      131323      5.57%     26.95% |      130595      5.54%     32.49% |      129574      5.50%     37.99% |      132761      5.63%     43.62% |      133594      5.67%     49.29% |      136449      5.79%     55.08% |      136999      5.81%     60.90% |      132453      5.62%     66.52% |      132842      5.64%     72.16% |      129310      5.49%     77.65% |      132669      5.63%     83.28% |      129922      5.51%     88.79% |      131178      5.57%     94.36% |      132947      5.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2356173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        3402      5.27%      5.28% |        3776      5.85%     11.12% |        4269      6.61%     17.73% |        3209      4.97%     22.70% |        2924      4.53%     27.23% |        3131      4.85%     32.08% |        3200      4.96%     37.04% |        2989      4.63%     41.67% |        5399      8.36%     50.03% |        4069      6.30%     56.33% |        4373      6.77%     63.10% |        4911      7.61%     70.71% |        6055      9.38%     80.08% |        4447      6.89%     86.97% |        4562      7.06%     94.03% |        3852      5.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        64573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792329     38.23%     38.23% |           0      0.00%     38.23% |       81612      3.94%     42.16% |       79539      3.84%     46.00% |       80711      3.89%     49.90% |       82511      3.98%     53.88% |       83815      4.04%     57.92% |       80417      3.88%     61.80% |       79517      3.84%     65.64% |       76866      3.71%     69.34% |       74021      3.57%     72.92% |       79918      3.86%     76.77% |       79216      3.82%     80.59% |       82211      3.97%     84.56% |       77683      3.75%     88.31% |       82031      3.96%     92.27% |       80675      3.89%     96.16% |       79648      3.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      2072720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      888388     23.60%     23.60% |           0      0.00%     23.60% |      178700      4.75%     28.35% |      180307      4.79%     33.14% |      178867      4.75%     37.89% |      177529      4.72%     42.60% |      176407      4.69%     47.29% |      178921      4.75%     52.04% |      181791      4.83%     56.87% |      184222      4.89%     61.77% |      184189      4.89%     66.66% |      179545      4.77%     71.43% |      179999      4.78%     76.21% |      177371      4.71%     80.92% |      180483      4.79%     85.72% |      178194      4.73%     90.45% |      179201      4.76%     95.21% |      180305      4.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      3764419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      227885      8.42%      8.42% |          17      0.00%      8.42% |      155003      5.73%     14.14% |      154987      5.72%     19.87% |      154984      5.72%     25.59% |      154983      5.72%     31.32% |      154991      5.72%     37.04% |      154993      5.73%     42.77% |      154975      5.72%     48.49% |      154956      5.72%     54.22% |      154928      5.72%     59.94% |      154960      5.72%     65.66% |      154946      5.72%     71.39% |      154947      5.72%     77.11% |      154951      5.72%     82.83% |      154924      5.72%     88.55% |      154923      5.72%     94.28% |      154942      5.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2707295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122874    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      664992     40.38%     40.38% |           0      0.00%     40.38% |       61232      3.72%     44.10% |       61255      3.72%     47.82% |       61296      3.72%     51.54% |       61307      3.72%     55.27% |       61304      3.72%     58.99% |       61263      3.72%     62.71% |       61300      3.72%     66.43% |       61309      3.72%     70.16% |       61438      3.73%     73.89% |       61431      3.73%     77.62% |       61440      3.73%     81.35% |       61435      3.73%     85.08% |       61412      3.73%     88.81% |       61422      3.73%     92.54% |       61437      3.73%     96.27% |       61435      3.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1646708                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11158      4.41%      4.41% |           0      0.00%      4.41% |       15941      6.29%     10.70% |       15453      6.10%     16.80% |       16651      6.57%     23.37% |       16652      6.57%     29.95% |       17524      6.92%     36.87% |       15145      5.98%     42.85% |       13924      5.50%     48.34% |       12620      4.98%     53.33% |       11392      4.50%     57.82% |       14905      5.88%     63.71% |       15151      5.98%     69.69% |       16948      6.69%     76.38% |       14030      5.54%     81.92% |       16288      6.43%     88.35% |       14926      5.89%     94.24% |       14582      5.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       253290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |       12071     95.06%     95.06% |          17      0.13%     95.20% |          52      0.41%     95.61% |          19      0.15%     95.76% |          21      0.17%     95.92% |          20      0.16%     96.08% |          15      0.12%     96.20% |          15      0.12%     96.31% |          23      0.18%     96.50% |          27      0.21%     96.71% |          53      0.42%     97.13% |          49      0.39%     97.51% |          45      0.35%     97.87% |          50      0.39%     98.26% |          43      0.34%     98.60% |          53      0.42%     99.02% |          55      0.43%     99.45% |          70      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total        12698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3625                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         149     55.39%     55.39% |           0      0.00%     55.39% |           2      0.74%     56.13% |          43     15.99%     72.12% |           2      0.74%     72.86% |           5      1.86%     74.72% |           3      1.12%     75.84% |          38     14.13%     89.96% |          13      4.83%     94.80% |          12      4.46%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           0      0.00%     99.26% |           1      0.37%     99.63% |           1      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          269                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Inv::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3869      1.89%      1.89% |           0      0.00%      1.89% |       11556      5.66%      7.55% |       11789      5.77%     13.32% |       11595      5.68%     19.00% |       12070      5.91%     24.90% |       11622      5.69%     30.59% |       12959      6.34%     36.94% |       11591      5.67%     42.61% |       11485      5.62%     48.23% |       14042      6.87%     55.10% |       13583      6.65%     61.75% |       12958      6.34%     68.09% |       12398      6.07%     74.16% |       14159      6.93%     81.09% |       12431      6.08%     87.18% |       13012      6.37%     93.55% |       13184      6.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       204303                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     98.00%     98.00% |           0      0.00%     98.00% |           0      0.00%     98.00% |          31      0.12%     98.13% |          32      0.13%     98.25% |          32      0.13%     98.38% |          32      0.13%     98.50% |          32      0.13%     98.63% |          42      0.16%     98.79% |          32      0.13%     98.92% |          12      0.05%     98.96% |          34      0.13%     99.10% |          29      0.11%     99.21% |          48      0.19%     99.40% |          38      0.15%     99.55% |          45      0.18%     99.73% |          46      0.18%     99.91% |          24      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25497                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10328615    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10328615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4598      8.58%      8.58% |           5      0.01%      8.59% |        2764      5.16%     13.75% |        2642      4.93%     18.68% |        2729      5.09%     23.77% |        2889      5.39%     29.16% |        2807      5.24%     34.40% |        2881      5.38%     39.77% |        2825      5.27%     45.04% |        2643      4.93%     49.97% |        2708      5.05%     55.03% |        3827      7.14%     62.17% |        3132      5.84%     68.01% |        3240      6.05%     74.06% |        3719      6.94%     81.00% |        3547      6.62%     87.61% |        3194      5.96%     93.57% |        3444      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        53594                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122470     24.55%     24.55% |           0      0.00%     24.55% |       25467      5.10%     29.65% |       23634      4.74%     34.39% |       25306      5.07%     39.46% |       26179      5.25%     44.71% |       27754      5.56%     50.27% |       23864      4.78%     55.05% |       22381      4.49%     59.54% |       20046      4.02%     63.56% |       17623      3.53%     67.09% |       22751      4.56%     71.65% |       22917      4.59%     76.24% |       26101      5.23%     81.47% |       21209      4.25%     85.73% |       25209      5.05%     90.78% |       23635      4.74%     95.52% |       22376      4.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       498922                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3166927     99.95%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |          81      0.00%     99.95% |          99      0.00%     99.95% |          99      0.00%     99.96% |         101      0.00%     99.96% |          98      0.00%     99.96% |          96      0.00%     99.97% |          96      0.00%     99.97% |         121      0.00%     99.97% |         143      0.00%     99.98% |          93      0.00%     99.98% |         116      0.00%     99.98% |          91      0.00%     99.99% |         104      0.00%     99.99% |         114      0.00%     99.99% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |         100      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3168591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38451    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38451                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       15355     12.80%     12.80% |          29      0.02%     12.82% |        5925      4.94%     17.76% |        6347      5.29%     23.05% |        5947      4.96%     28.01% |        6069      5.06%     33.06% |        5789      4.82%     37.89% |        6738      5.62%     43.50% |        5866      4.89%     48.39% |        6073      5.06%     53.46% |        8211      6.84%     60.30% |        6738      5.62%     65.91% |        6880      5.73%     71.65% |        6594      5.50%     77.14% |        7351      6.13%     83.27% |        6117      5.10%     88.37% |        6925      5.77%     94.14% |        7030      5.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total       119984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      185214      8.69%      8.69% |           0      0.00%      8.69% |      120589      5.66%     14.35% |      122099      5.73%     20.09% |      120741      5.67%     25.75% |      119587      5.61%     31.37% |      118342      5.55%     36.92% |      121247      5.69%     42.61% |      123633      5.80%     48.41% |      125912      5.91%     54.32% |      126164      5.92%     60.25% |      121428      5.70%     65.95% |      121789      5.72%     71.66% |      118742      5.57%     77.24% |      122440      5.75%     82.98% |      119771      5.62%     88.61% |      120916      5.68%     94.28% |      121832      5.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2130446                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4557      7.16%      7.16% |        4296      6.75%     13.90% |        4435      6.96%     20.87% |        4742      7.45%     28.32% |        5239      8.23%     36.54% |        4580      7.19%     43.74% |        3908      6.14%     49.87% |        4240      6.66%     56.53% |        2427      3.81%     60.34% |        4104      6.45%     66.79% |        3978      6.25%     73.04% |        3759      5.90%     78.94% |        2644      4.15%     83.09% |        3812      5.99%     89.08% |        3137      4.93%     94.00% |        3818      6.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        63676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3290113    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3290113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18168044     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         206      0.00%     99.99% |         142      0.00%    100.00% |         142      0.00%    100.00% |         128      0.00%    100.00% |         133      0.00%    100.00% |         139      0.00%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00% |         119      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18169248                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         405      0.82%      0.82% |           0      0.00%      0.82% |        3027      6.13%      6.95% |        2934      5.94%     12.89% |        3017      6.11%     18.99% |        3215      6.51%     25.50% |        3142      6.36%     31.86% |        3472      7.03%     38.89% |        3056      6.19%     45.08% |        2906      5.88%     50.96% |        3259      6.60%     57.56% |        3159      6.39%     63.95% |        3075      6.22%     70.18% |        2707      5.48%     75.66% |        3217      6.51%     82.17% |        2895      5.86%     88.03% |        3052      6.18%     94.21% |        2860      5.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        49398                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703174     43.03%     43.03% |           0      0.00%     43.03% |       58111      3.56%     46.59% |       58208      3.56%     50.15% |       58126      3.56%     53.71% |       57942      3.55%     57.26% |       58065      3.55%     60.81% |       57674      3.53%     64.34% |       58158      3.56%     67.90% |       58310      3.57%     71.47% |       58025      3.55%     75.02% |       58117      3.56%     78.58% |       58210      3.56%     82.14% |       58629      3.59%     85.73% |       58043      3.55%     89.28% |       58423      3.58%     92.85% |       58285      3.57%     96.42% |       58473      3.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1633973                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      5.88%      5.88% |           1      2.94%      8.82% |           0      0.00%      8.82% |           0      0.00%      8.82% |           2      5.88%     14.71% |           5     14.71%     29.41% |           1      2.94%     32.35% |           3      8.82%     41.18% |           0      0.00%     41.18% |           1      2.94%     44.12% |           0      0.00%     44.12% |           4     11.76%     55.88% |           3      8.82%     64.71% |           7     20.59%     85.29% |           3      8.82%     94.12% |           2      5.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12257     13.87%     13.87% |           0      0.00%     13.87% |        4646      5.26%     19.13% |        4784      5.41%     24.55% |        4974      5.63%     30.18% |        4562      5.16%     35.34% |        4668      5.28%     40.62% |        5250      5.94%     46.57% |        4599      5.21%     51.77% |        4523      5.12%     56.89% |        4974      5.63%     62.52% |        5195      5.88%     68.40% |        3967      4.49%     72.89% |        4542      5.14%     78.03% |        5443      6.16%     84.19% |        4858      5.50%     89.69% |        4386      4.96%     94.65% |        4723      5.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        88351                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      239264     10.15%     10.15% |          29      0.00%     10.16% |      131274      5.57%     15.73% |      132989      5.64%     21.37% |      131323      5.57%     26.95% |      130595      5.54%     32.49% |      129572      5.50%     37.99% |      132757      5.63%     43.62% |      133594      5.67%     49.29% |      136448      5.79%     55.08% |      136999      5.81%     60.90% |      132453      5.62%     66.52% |      132842      5.64%     72.16% |      129308      5.49%     77.65% |      132668      5.63%     83.28% |      129920      5.51%     88.79% |      131176      5.57%     94.36% |      132946      5.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2356157                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        3402      5.27%      5.28% |        3776      5.85%     11.12% |        4269      6.61%     17.73% |        3209      4.97%     22.70% |        2924      4.53%     27.23% |        3131      4.85%     32.08% |        3200      4.96%     37.04% |        2989      4.63%     41.67% |        5399      8.36%     50.03% |        4069      6.30%     56.33% |        4373      6.77%     63.10% |        4911      7.61%     70.71% |        6055      9.38%     80.08% |        4447      6.89%     86.97% |        4562      7.06%     94.03% |        3852      5.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        64573                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127188     29.88%     29.88% |           0      0.00%     29.88% |       20377      4.79%     34.66% |       18240      4.28%     38.95% |       19413      4.56%     43.51% |       21199      4.98%     48.49% |       22508      5.29%     53.77% |       19115      4.49%     58.26% |       18203      4.28%     62.54% |       15543      3.65%     66.19% |       12583      2.96%     69.15% |       18486      4.34%     73.49% |       17776      4.18%     77.66% |       20774      4.88%     82.54% |       16268      3.82%     86.36% |       20603      4.84%     91.20% |       19237      4.52%     95.72% |       18212      4.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       425725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630      2.68%      2.68% |           0      0.00%      2.68% |        5965      6.09%      8.77% |        5904      6.02%     14.79% |        5509      5.62%     20.41% |        6280      6.41%     26.82% |        5875      5.99%     32.81% |        5575      5.69%     38.50% |        6267      6.39%     44.89% |        6283      6.41%     51.30% |        6090      6.21%     57.52% |        5811      5.93%     63.45% |        6442      6.57%     70.02% |        5935      6.05%     76.07% |        5729      5.84%     81.92% |        5848      5.97%     87.88% |        6199      6.32%     94.21% |        5677      5.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        98019                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665141     40.39%     40.39% |           0      0.00%     40.39% |       61234      3.72%     44.10% |       61298      3.72%     47.83% |       61298      3.72%     51.55% |       61312      3.72%     55.27% |       61307      3.72%     58.99% |       61301      3.72%     62.71% |       61313      3.72%     66.44% |       61321      3.72%     70.16% |       61438      3.73%     73.89% |       61431      3.73%     77.62% |       61440      3.73%     81.35% |       61435      3.73%     85.08% |       61413      3.73%     88.81% |       61423      3.73%     92.54% |       61437      3.73%     96.27% |       61435      3.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1646977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           3     50.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           0      0.00%      6.25% |           2     12.50%     18.75% |           4     25.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     12.50%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           2     12.50%     81.25% |           2     12.50%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           1      5.56%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           2     11.11%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      5.56%     38.89% |           0      0.00%     38.89% |           2     11.11%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           5     27.78%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4218     98.62%     98.62% |           0      0.00%     98.62% |           0      0.00%     98.62% |           0      0.00%     98.62% |           1      0.02%     98.64% |           0      0.00%     98.64% |           0      0.00%     98.64% |           0      0.00%     98.64% |           1      0.02%     98.67% |           1      0.02%     98.69% |          14      0.33%     99.02% |           3      0.07%     99.09% |           7      0.16%     99.25% |          15      0.35%     99.60% |           8      0.19%     99.79% |           0      0.00%     99.79% |           1      0.02%     99.81% |           8      0.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4277                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3374     99.41%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           0      0.00%     99.41% |           3      0.09%     99.50% |           0      0.00%     99.50% |           4      0.12%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           2      0.06%     99.68% |           6      0.18%     99.85% |           5      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3394                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           4      0.38%      0.38% |           0      0.00%      0.38% |          67      6.36%      6.74% |          57      5.41%     12.14% |          41      3.89%     16.03% |          48      4.55%     20.59% |          54      5.12%     25.71% |          42      3.98%     29.70% |          62      5.88%     35.58% |          63      5.98%     41.56% |          70      6.64%     48.20% |          78      7.40%     55.60% |          92      8.73%     64.33% |          72      6.83%     71.16% |          74      7.02%     78.18% |          75      7.12%     85.29% |          96      9.11%     94.40% |          59      5.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total         1054                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          49      5.49%      5.49% |          39      4.37%      9.87% |          45      5.04%     14.91% |          50      5.61%     20.52% |          63      7.06%     27.58% |          36      4.04%     31.61% |          55      6.17%     37.78% |          48      5.38%     43.16% |          30      3.36%     46.52% |          87      9.75%     56.28% |          45      5.04%     61.32% |          85      9.53%     70.85% |          52      5.83%     76.68% |          64      7.17%     83.86% |          65      7.29%     91.14% |          79      8.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          892                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      888384     23.61%     23.61% |           0      0.00%     23.61% |      178584      4.75%     28.36% |      180211      4.79%     33.15% |      178781      4.75%     37.90% |      177431      4.72%     42.62% |      176290      4.69%     47.30% |      178843      4.75%     52.05% |      181674      4.83%     56.88% |      184111      4.89%     61.78% |      184089      4.89%     66.67% |      179380      4.77%     71.44% |      179862      4.78%     76.22% |      177214      4.71%     80.93% |      180357      4.79%     85.72% |      178055      4.73%     90.45% |      179040      4.76%     95.21% |      180167      4.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      3762473                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           4      0.21%      0.21% |           0      0.00%      0.21% |         116      5.96%      6.17% |          96      4.93%     11.10% |          86      4.42%     15.52% |          98      5.04%     20.55% |         117      6.01%     26.57% |          78      4.01%     30.58% |         117      6.01%     36.59% |         111      5.70%     42.29% |         100      5.14%     47.43% |         165      8.48%     55.91% |         137      7.04%     62.95% |         157      8.07%     71.02% |         126      6.47%     77.49% |         139      7.14%     84.64% |         161      8.27%     92.91% |         138      7.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         1946                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3919      3.09%      3.09% |        3796      3.00%      6.09% |        3522      2.78%      8.87% |        3536      2.79%     11.66% |        3621      2.86%     14.52% |        4087      3.23%     17.74% |        3808      3.01%     20.75% |        3376      2.66%     23.41% |        3687      2.91%     26.32% |        5221      4.12%     30.44% |        4049      3.20%     33.64% |        3863      3.05%     36.68% |        3769      2.97%     39.66% |        4413      3.48%     43.14% |        3939      3.11%     46.25% |        3830      3.02%     49.27% |        4252      3.36%     52.63% |        4222      3.33%     55.96% |        3697      2.92%     58.88% |        3348      2.64%     61.52% |        3128      2.47%     63.99% |        3781      2.98%     66.97% |        3577      2.82%     69.80% |        3426      2.70%     72.50% |        3685      2.91%     75.41% |        3835      3.03%     78.43% |        3311      2.61%     81.05% |        4755      3.75%     84.80% |        4039      3.19%     87.99% |        5404      4.26%     92.25% |        5236      4.13%     96.38% |        4583      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      159138      5.84%      5.84% |       83021      3.05%      8.89% |       81797      3.00%     11.89% |       82894      3.04%     14.93% |       82152      3.01%     17.94% |       81955      3.01%     20.95% |       81417      2.99%     23.94% |       81374      2.99%     26.93% |       81684      3.00%     29.92% |       81971      3.01%     32.93% |       83714      3.07%     36.00% |       83096      3.05%     39.05% |       82157      3.01%     42.07% |       82030      3.01%     45.08% |       81365      2.99%     48.06% |       81427      2.99%     51.05% |       82373      3.02%     54.07% |       81792      3.00%     57.08% |       82177      3.02%     60.09% |       82311      3.02%     63.11% |       82328      3.02%     66.13% |       90678      3.33%     69.46% |       88993      3.27%     72.73% |       81714      3.00%     75.73% |       81753      3.00%     78.73% |       82305      3.02%     81.75% |       81647      3.00%     84.74% |       81468      2.99%     87.73% |       82246      3.02%     90.75% |       81504      2.99%     93.74% |       82391      3.02%     96.76% |       88184      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2725056                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64887      3.94%      3.94% |       50707      3.08%      7.02% |       50707      3.08%     10.09% |       51717      3.14%     13.23% |       50492      3.06%     16.30% |       50261      3.05%     19.35% |       50538      3.07%     22.41% |       50034      3.04%     25.45% |       50223      3.05%     28.50% |       50556      3.07%     31.57% |       50690      3.08%     34.64% |       50202      3.05%     37.69% |       50071      3.04%     40.73% |       50615      3.07%     43.80% |       49974      3.03%     46.83% |       50028      3.04%     49.87% |       50120      3.04%     52.91% |       50572      3.07%     55.98% |       50572      3.07%     59.05% |       50545      3.07%     62.12% |       50872      3.09%     65.20% |       57032      3.46%     68.66% |       52165      3.17%     71.83% |       50354      3.06%     74.89% |       50797      3.08%     77.97% |       50380      3.06%     81.03% |       50751      3.08%     84.11% |       50711      3.08%     87.18% |       51269      3.11%     90.30% |       51033      3.10%     93.39% |       53771      3.26%     96.66% |       55095      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1647741                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      204662      5.44%      5.44% |      114451      3.04%      8.48% |      113447      3.01%     11.49% |      115332      3.06%     14.55% |      113760      3.02%     17.58% |      112838      3.00%     20.57% |      112962      3.00%     23.57% |      112122      2.98%     26.55% |      112604      2.99%     29.54% |      113290      3.01%     32.55% |      115371      3.06%     35.62% |      114273      3.04%     38.65% |      113594      3.02%     41.67% |      113906      3.03%     44.70% |      112777      3.00%     47.69% |      112434      2.99%     50.68% |      113604      3.02%     53.70% |      113394      3.01%     56.71% |      114064      3.03%     59.74% |      114030      3.03%     62.77% |      114439      3.04%     65.81% |      128573      3.42%     69.22% |      122483      3.25%     72.48% |      113037      3.00%     75.48% |      113649      3.02%     78.50% |      113645      3.02%     81.52% |      113633      3.02%     84.54% |      113109      3.00%     87.54% |      114654      3.05%     90.59% |      113345      3.01%     93.60% |      117118      3.11%     96.71% |      123864      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      3764464                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          62      3.49%      3.49% |          73      4.11%      7.61% |          60      3.38%     10.99% |          40      2.25%     13.25% |          52      2.93%     16.18% |          53      2.99%     19.17% |          71      4.00%     23.17% |          67      3.78%     26.94% |          58      3.27%     30.21% |          65      3.66%     33.88% |          42      2.37%     36.25% |          37      2.09%     38.33% |          47      2.65%     40.98% |          48      2.71%     43.69% |          50      2.82%     46.51% |          61      3.44%     49.94% |          38      2.14%     52.09% |          52      2.93%     55.02% |          52      2.93%     57.95% |          40      2.25%     60.20% |          70      3.95%     64.15% |          52      2.93%     67.08% |          66      3.72%     70.80% |          81      4.57%     75.37% |          55      3.10%     78.47% |          67      3.78%     82.24% |          45      2.54%     84.78% |          53      2.99%     87.77% |          65      3.66%     91.43% |          37      2.09%     93.52% |          57      3.21%     96.73% |          58      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total         1774                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       46104      3.83%      3.83% |       37396      3.11%      6.93% |       37391      3.10%     10.04% |       37331      3.10%     13.14% |       37306      3.10%     16.24% |       37299      3.10%     19.33% |       37429      3.11%     22.44% |       37380      3.10%     25.55% |       37432      3.11%     28.65% |       37379      3.10%     31.76% |       37335      3.10%     34.86% |       37242      3.09%     37.95% |       37239      3.09%     41.04% |       37289      3.10%     44.14% |       37394      3.11%     47.24% |       37336      3.10%     50.34% |       37430      3.11%     53.45% |       37374      3.10%     56.56% |       37402      3.11%     59.66% |       37325      3.10%     62.76% |       37325      3.10%     65.86% |       37372      3.10%     68.96% |       37421      3.11%     72.07% |       37367      3.10%     75.17% |       37478      3.11%     78.29% |       37371      3.10%     81.39% |       37343      3.10%     84.49% |       37286      3.10%     87.59% |       37319      3.10%     90.69% |       37316      3.10%     93.79% |       37426      3.11%     96.89% |       37418      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1204255                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       49366      3.15%      3.15% |       49112      3.13%      6.28% |       48860      3.12%      9.40% |       48796      3.11%     12.51% |       48854      3.12%     15.62% |       48736      3.11%     18.73% |       48822      3.11%     21.85% |       49207      3.14%     24.99% |       49201      3.14%     28.12% |       49159      3.14%     31.26% |       49189      3.14%     34.40% |       48987      3.12%     37.52% |       49015      3.13%     40.65% |       48919      3.12%     43.77% |       48878      3.12%     46.88% |       49132      3.13%     50.02% |       49116      3.13%     53.15% |       49131      3.13%     56.28% |       48831      3.11%     59.40% |       48753      3.11%     62.51% |       48782      3.11%     65.62% |       49150      3.13%     68.75% |       48944      3.12%     71.87% |       49154      3.13%     75.01% |       49143      3.13%     78.14% |       49168      3.14%     81.28% |       48824      3.11%     84.39% |       48767      3.11%     87.50% |       48693      3.11%     90.61% |       48990      3.12%     93.73% |       49003      3.13%     96.86% |       49266      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1567948                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       96583      3.44%      3.44% |       87555      3.12%      6.56% |       87297      3.11%      9.67% |       87172      3.11%     12.78% |       87206      3.11%     15.89% |       87081      3.10%     18.99% |       87297      3.11%     22.10% |       87633      3.12%     25.23% |       87679      3.12%     28.35% |       87584      3.12%     31.47% |       87571      3.12%     34.60% |       87275      3.11%     37.71% |       87301      3.11%     40.82% |       87254      3.11%     43.93% |       87318      3.11%     47.04% |       87513      3.12%     50.16% |       87593      3.12%     53.28% |       87551      3.12%     56.40% |       87279      3.11%     59.51% |       87124      3.11%     62.62% |       87151      3.11%     65.72% |       87568      3.12%     68.84% |       87409      3.12%     71.96% |       87567      3.12%     75.08% |       87667      3.12%     78.21% |       87584      3.12%     81.33% |       87213      3.11%     84.44% |       87098      3.10%     87.54% |       87057      3.10%     90.64% |       87352      3.11%     93.76% |       87475      3.12%     96.87% |       87730      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2805737                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       95559      3.45%      3.45% |       86531      3.12%      6.57% |       86273      3.11%      9.68% |       86148      3.11%     12.78% |       86182      3.11%     15.89% |       86057      3.10%     19.00% |       86273      3.11%     22.11% |       86609      3.12%     25.23% |       86655      3.12%     28.36% |       86560      3.12%     31.48% |       86547      3.12%     34.60% |       86251      3.11%     37.71% |       86277      3.11%     40.82% |       86230      3.11%     43.93% |       86294      3.11%     47.04% |       86490      3.12%     50.16% |       86569      3.12%     53.28% |       86527      3.12%     56.40% |       86255      3.11%     59.51% |       86100      3.10%     62.62% |       86127      3.11%     65.72% |       86544      3.12%     68.85% |       86386      3.12%     71.96% |       86543      3.12%     75.08% |       86643      3.12%     78.21% |       86561      3.12%     81.33% |       86189      3.11%     84.44% |       86074      3.10%     87.54% |       86033      3.10%     90.64% |       86328      3.11%     93.76% |       86451      3.12%     96.87% |       86706      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2772972                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        1562      3.14%      3.14% |        1575      3.17%      6.31% |        1470      2.96%      9.26% |        1542      3.10%     12.36% |        1489      2.99%     15.36% |        1527      3.07%     18.43% |        1415      2.84%     21.27% |        1578      3.17%     24.44% |        1535      3.09%     27.53% |        1580      3.18%     30.71% |        1517      3.05%     33.76% |        1593      3.20%     36.96% |        1552      3.12%     40.08% |        1568      3.15%     43.23% |        1477      2.97%     46.20% |        1644      3.31%     49.51% |        1577      3.17%     52.68% |        1594      3.20%     55.88% |        1509      3.03%     58.92% |        1622      3.26%     62.18% |        1607      3.23%     65.41% |        1690      3.40%     68.81% |        1541      3.10%     71.91% |        1629      3.28%     75.18% |        1529      3.07%     78.26% |        1598      3.21%     81.47% |        1499      3.01%     84.48% |        1591      3.20%     87.68% |        1495      3.01%     90.69% |        1553      3.12%     93.81% |        1493      3.00%     96.81% |        1586      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        49737                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        2093      3.21%      3.21% |        2077      3.18%      6.39% |        2132      3.27%      9.65% |        2202      3.37%     13.03% |        2259      3.46%     16.49% |        2251      3.45%     19.93% |        2229      3.41%     23.35% |        2123      3.25%     26.60% |        2068      3.17%     29.77% |        1969      3.02%     32.78% |        2127      3.26%     36.04% |        2092      3.20%     39.24% |        2127      3.26%     42.50% |        2151      3.29%     45.80% |        2135      3.27%     49.07% |        2087      3.20%     52.26% |        2056      3.15%     55.41% |        1961      3.00%     58.42% |        2067      3.17%     61.58% |        1971      3.02%     64.60% |        2013      3.08%     67.68% |        1875      2.87%     70.56% |        1993      3.05%     73.61% |        1896      2.90%     76.51% |        1951      2.99%     79.50% |        1904      2.92%     82.42% |        1882      2.88%     85.30% |        1898      2.91%     88.21% |        1989      3.05%     91.25% |        1910      2.93%     94.18% |        1931      2.96%     97.14% |        1869      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        65288                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        5103      3.35%      3.35% |        4930      3.24%      6.59% |        5066      3.33%      9.92% |        4880      3.21%     13.13% |        4931      3.24%     16.37% |        4794      3.15%     19.51% |        4954      3.25%     22.77% |        4799      3.15%     25.92% |        4902      3.22%     29.14% |        4725      3.10%     32.25% |        4808      3.16%     35.41% |        4641      3.05%     38.45% |        4660      3.06%     41.52% |        4547      2.99%     44.50% |        4616      3.03%     47.54% |        4531      2.98%     50.51% |        4636      3.05%     53.56% |        4485      2.95%     56.51% |        4613      3.03%     59.54% |        4488      2.95%     62.48% |        4631      3.04%     65.53% |        4574      3.00%     68.53% |        4703      3.09%     71.62% |        4611      3.03%     74.65% |        4800      3.15%     77.80% |        4652      3.06%     80.86% |        4849      3.19%     84.05% |        4725      3.10%     87.15% |        4875      3.20%     90.35% |        4815      3.16%     93.52% |        4976      3.27%     96.79% |        4893      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total       152213                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        8776      3.19%      3.19% |        8731      3.18%      6.37% |        8527      3.10%      9.48% |        8637      3.14%     12.62% |        8572      3.12%     15.74% |        8590      3.13%     18.87% |        8610      3.13%     22.00% |        8818      3.21%     25.21% |        8770      3.19%     28.41% |        8686      3.16%     31.57% |        8547      3.11%     34.68% |        8609      3.13%     37.81% |        8572      3.12%     40.93% |        8541      3.11%     44.04% |        8441      3.07%     47.12% |        8621      3.14%     50.26% |        8502      3.10%     53.35% |        8572      3.12%     56.47% |        8434      3.07%     59.54% |        8414      3.06%     62.60% |        8333      3.03%     65.64% |        8551      3.11%     68.75% |        8413      3.06%     71.81% |        8556      3.11%     74.93% |        8574      3.12%     78.05% |        8626      3.14%     81.19% |        8426      3.07%     84.26% |        8481      3.09%     87.35% |        8450      3.08%     90.42% |        8747      3.18%     93.61% |        8682      3.16%     96.77% |        8883      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       274692                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        2071      3.21%      3.21% |        2045      3.17%      6.37% |        2108      3.26%      9.64% |        2187      3.39%     13.03% |        2240      3.47%     16.49% |        2234      3.46%     19.95% |        2199      3.41%     23.36% |        2096      3.25%     26.61% |        2046      3.17%     29.77% |        1944      3.01%     32.78% |        2108      3.26%     36.05% |        2077      3.22%     39.27% |        2106      3.26%     42.53% |        2131      3.30%     45.83% |        2111      3.27%     49.10% |        2063      3.19%     52.29% |        2041      3.16%     55.45% |        1937      3.00%     58.45% |        2047      3.17%     61.62% |        1958      3.03%     64.65% |        1984      3.07%     67.73% |        1854      2.87%     70.60% |        1965      3.04%     73.64% |        1860      2.88%     76.52% |        1928      2.99%     79.51% |        1873      2.90%     82.41% |        1865      2.89%     85.30% |        1879      2.91%     88.21% |        1962      3.04%     91.24% |        1894      2.93%     94.18% |        1909      2.96%     97.13% |        1851      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        64573                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      212144      5.30%      5.30% |      121963      3.05%      8.35% |      120757      3.02%     11.36% |      122888      3.07%     14.43% |      121281      3.03%     17.46% |      120440      3.01%     20.47% |      120430      3.01%     23.48% |      119824      2.99%     26.47% |      120135      3.00%     29.47% |      120787      3.02%     32.49% |      122831      3.07%     35.56% |      121865      3.04%     38.60% |      121116      3.03%     41.63% |      121534      3.04%     44.66% |      120237      3.00%     47.67% |      120185      3.00%     50.67% |      121129      3.03%     53.70% |      120937      3.02%     56.72% |      121497      3.04%     59.75% |      121516      3.04%     62.79% |      121839      3.04%     65.83% |      136094      3.40%     69.23% |      129820      3.24%     72.47% |      120539      3.01%     75.48% |      120947      3.02%     78.51% |      121052      3.02%     81.53% |      120733      3.02%     84.55% |      120387      3.01%     87.55% |      121878      3.04%     90.60% |      120712      3.02%     93.61% |      124360      3.11%     96.72% |      131311      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4003168                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         506      3.20%      3.20% |         451      2.85%      6.05% |         451      2.85%      8.90% |         447      2.83%     11.73% |         474      3.00%     14.72% |         428      2.71%     17.43% |         466      2.95%     20.38% |         492      3.11%     23.49% |         518      3.27%     26.76% |         451      2.85%     29.61% |         483      3.05%     32.67% |         493      3.12%     35.78% |         599      3.79%     39.57% |         513      3.24%     42.81% |         500      3.16%     45.97% |         506      3.20%     49.17% |         508      3.21%     52.38% |         526      3.33%     55.71% |         518      3.27%     58.98% |         479      3.03%     62.01% |         465      2.94%     64.95% |         503      3.18%     68.13% |         473      2.99%     71.12% |         452      2.86%     73.98% |         515      3.26%     77.23% |         560      3.54%     80.78% |         502      3.17%     83.95% |         458      2.90%     86.84% |         455      2.88%     89.72% |         553      3.50%     93.22% |         543      3.43%     96.65% |         530      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15818                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       57666      3.68%      3.68% |       48803      3.12%      6.80% |       48586      3.10%      9.91% |       48456      3.10%     13.00% |       48500      3.10%     16.10% |       48427      3.09%     19.19% |       48547      3.10%     22.30% |       48823      3.12%     25.41% |       48831      3.12%     28.53% |       48885      3.12%     31.66% |       48891      3.12%     34.78% |       48586      3.10%     37.88% |       48531      3.10%     40.99% |       48504      3.10%     44.08% |       48534      3.10%     47.18% |       48713      3.11%     50.30% |       48751      3.11%     53.41% |       48748      3.11%     56.53% |       48495      3.10%     59.62% |       48400      3.09%     62.72% |       48392      3.09%     65.81% |       48721      3.11%     68.92% |       48654      3.11%     72.03% |       48792      3.12%     75.15% |       48809      3.12%     78.26% |       48779      3.12%     81.38% |       48519      3.10%     84.48% |       48438      3.09%     87.57% |       48433      3.09%     90.67% |       48573      3.10%     93.77% |       48632      3.11%     96.88% |       48863      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1565282                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       38411      3.14%      3.14% |       38301      3.13%      6.26% |       38260      3.12%      9.39% |       38269      3.12%     12.51% |       38232      3.12%     15.64% |       38226      3.12%     18.76% |       38284      3.13%     21.88% |       38318      3.13%     25.01% |       38330      3.13%     28.14% |       38248      3.12%     31.26% |       38197      3.12%     34.38% |       38196      3.12%     37.50% |       38171      3.12%     40.62% |       38237      3.12%     43.74% |       38284      3.13%     46.87% |       38294      3.13%     49.99% |       38334      3.13%     53.13% |       38277      3.13%     56.25% |       38266      3.12%     59.38% |       38245      3.12%     62.50% |       38294      3.13%     65.63% |       38344      3.13%     68.76% |       38283      3.13%     71.88% |       38323      3.13%     75.01% |       38343      3.13%     78.14% |       38246      3.12%     81.27% |       38192      3.12%     84.38% |       38203      3.12%     87.50% |       38169      3.12%     90.62% |       38226      3.12%     93.74% |       38300      3.13%     96.87% |       38337      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1224640                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          27      3.19%      3.19% |          34      4.01%      7.20% |          27      3.19%     10.39% |          16      1.89%     12.28% |          26      3.07%     15.35% |          24      2.83%     18.18% |          34      4.01%     22.20% |          31      3.66%     25.86% |          29      3.42%     29.28% |          28      3.31%     32.59% |          18      2.13%     34.71% |          17      2.01%     36.72% |          22      2.60%     39.32% |          23      2.72%     42.03% |          25      2.95%     44.98% |          33      3.90%     48.88% |          19      2.24%     51.12% |          24      2.83%     53.96% |          24      2.83%     56.79% |          19      2.24%     59.03% |          35      4.13%     63.16% |          23      2.72%     65.88% |          32      3.78%     69.66% |          38      4.49%     74.14% |          27      3.19%     77.33% |          34      4.01%     81.35% |          20      2.36%     83.71% |          23      2.72%     86.42% |          35      4.13%     90.55% |          20      2.36%     92.92% |          30      3.54%     96.46% |          30      3.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          847                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4602      3.14%      3.14% |        4545      3.11%      6.25% |        4586      3.13%      9.38% |        4631      3.16%     12.55% |        4442      3.04%     15.58% |        4859      3.32%     18.90% |        4561      3.12%     22.02% |        4535      3.10%     25.12% |        4594      3.14%     28.26% |        4595      3.14%     31.40% |        4590      3.14%     34.53% |        4584      3.13%     37.67% |        4413      3.02%     40.68% |        4427      3.02%     43.71% |        4486      3.07%     46.77% |        4546      3.11%     49.88% |        4548      3.11%     52.99% |        4680      3.20%     56.18% |        4603      3.15%     59.33% |        4677      3.20%     62.52% |        4522      3.09%     65.61% |        4569      3.12%     68.74% |        4475      3.06%     71.79% |        4578      3.13%     74.92% |        4529      3.09%     78.02% |        4670      3.19%     81.21% |        4575      3.13%     84.33% |        4682      3.20%     87.53% |        4542      3.10%     90.64% |        4602      3.14%     93.78% |        4541      3.10%     96.88% |        4559      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       146348                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          27      3.16%      3.16% |          29      3.39%      6.55% |          16      1.87%      8.42% |          25      2.92%     11.35% |          26      3.04%     14.39% |          30      3.51%     17.89% |          21      2.46%     20.35% |          26      3.04%     23.39% |          25      2.92%     26.32% |          39      4.56%     30.88% |          33      3.86%     34.74% |          33      3.86%     38.60% |          24      2.81%     41.40% |          27      3.16%     44.56% |          32      3.74%     48.30% |          23      2.69%     50.99% |          16      1.87%     52.87% |          28      3.27%     56.14% |          25      2.92%     59.06% |          26      3.04%     62.11% |          26      3.04%     65.15% |          17      1.99%     67.13% |          39      4.56%     71.70% |          25      2.92%     74.62% |          30      3.51%     78.13% |          35      4.09%     82.22% |          29      3.39%     85.61% |          29      3.39%     89.01% |          25      2.92%     91.93% |          17      1.99%     93.92% |          27      3.16%     97.08% |          25      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          855                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        5102      3.30%      3.30% |        4999      3.23%      6.53% |        4978      3.22%      9.75% |        4961      3.21%     12.96% |        4923      3.18%     16.14% |        4875      3.15%     19.29% |        4911      3.17%     22.46% |        4942      3.19%     25.66% |        4962      3.21%     28.87% |        4827      3.12%     31.99% |        4827      3.12%     35.11% |        4793      3.10%     38.21% |        4822      3.12%     41.32% |        4732      3.06%     44.38% |        4658      3.01%     47.39% |        4698      3.04%     50.43% |        4720      3.05%     53.48% |        4681      3.03%     56.51% |        4667      3.02%     59.52% |        4625      2.99%     62.51% |        4656      3.01%     65.52% |        4717      3.05%     68.57% |        4684      3.03%     71.60% |        4699      3.04%     74.64% |        4857      3.14%     77.78% |        4843      3.13%     80.91% |        4834      3.12%     84.04% |        4821      3.12%     87.15% |        4847      3.13%     90.29% |        4990      3.23%     93.51% |        4996      3.23%     96.74% |        5041      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total       154688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       92148     10.63%     10.63% |       24990      2.88%     13.51% |       23924      2.76%     16.27% |       25111      2.90%     19.16% |       24567      2.83%     21.99% |       24027      2.77%     24.76% |       23655      2.73%     27.49% |       23397      2.70%     30.19% |       23560      2.72%     32.91% |       23870      2.75%     35.66% |       25584      2.95%     38.61% |       25413      2.93%     41.54% |       24746      2.85%     44.39% |       24626      2.84%     47.23% |       23912      2.76%     49.99% |       23710      2.73%     52.72% |       24569      2.83%     55.56% |       23966      2.76%     58.32% |       24647      2.84%     61.16% |       24874      2.87%     64.03% |       24963      2.88%     66.91% |       32845      3.79%     70.69% |       31360      3.62%     74.31% |       23869      2.75%     77.06% |       23843      2.75%     79.81% |       24378      2.81%     82.62% |       23999      2.77%     85.39% |       23777      2.74%     88.13% |       24641      2.84%     90.97% |       23688      2.73%     93.70% |       24546      2.83%     96.53% |       30053      3.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       867258                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26456      6.26%      6.26% |       12392      2.93%      9.20% |       12429      2.94%     12.14% |       13418      3.18%     15.32% |       12226      2.89%     18.21% |       12015      2.85%     21.06% |       12240      2.90%     23.96% |       11698      2.77%     26.73% |       11880      2.81%     29.54% |       12291      2.91%     32.45% |       12473      2.95%     35.40% |       11984      2.84%     38.24% |       11881      2.81%     41.06% |       12357      2.93%     43.98% |       11665      2.76%     46.74% |       11711      2.77%     49.52% |       11769      2.79%     52.30% |       12275      2.91%     55.21% |       12279      2.91%     58.12% |       12272      2.91%     61.02% |       12478      2.95%     63.98% |       18623      4.41%     68.39% |       13855      3.28%     71.67% |       12013      2.84%     74.51% |       12430      2.94%     77.46% |       12118      2.87%     80.33% |       12530      2.97%     83.29% |       12487      2.96%     86.25% |       13085      3.10%     89.35% |       12794      3.03%     92.38% |       15450      3.66%     96.04% |       16743      3.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       422317                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       45281      3.85%      3.85% |       36509      3.10%      6.95% |       36577      3.11%     10.06% |       36496      3.10%     13.16% |       36500      3.10%     16.26% |       36461      3.10%     19.36% |       36645      3.11%     22.47% |       36529      3.10%     25.58% |       36582      3.11%     28.69% |       36456      3.10%     31.78% |       36484      3.10%     34.89% |       36375      3.09%     37.98% |       36385      3.09%     41.07% |       36450      3.10%     44.17% |       36588      3.11%     47.27% |       36435      3.10%     50.37% |       36558      3.11%     53.48% |       36474      3.10%     56.58% |       36560      3.11%     59.68% |       36425      3.10%     62.78% |       36463      3.10%     65.88% |       36484      3.10%     68.98% |       36556      3.11%     72.08% |       36492      3.10%     75.19% |       36608      3.11%     78.30% |       36452      3.10%     81.39% |       36487      3.10%     84.49% |       36399      3.09%     87.59% |       36464      3.10%     90.69% |       36461      3.10%     93.78% |       36594      3.11%     96.89% |       36543      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1176773                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       39885      3.14%      3.14% |       39661      3.12%      6.26% |       39653      3.12%      9.38% |       39435      3.10%     12.49% |       39580      3.12%     15.60% |       39440      3.10%     18.71% |       39551      3.11%     21.82% |       39636      3.12%     24.94% |       39724      3.13%     28.07% |       39792      3.13%     31.20% |       39957      3.15%     34.35% |       39637      3.12%     37.47% |       39724      3.13%     40.59% |       39629      3.12%     43.71% |       39742      3.13%     46.84% |       39744      3.13%     49.97% |       39894      3.14%     53.11% |       39841      3.14%     56.25% |       39710      3.13%     59.37% |       39604      3.12%     62.49% |       39673      3.12%     65.61% |       39776      3.13%     68.74% |       39826      3.14%     71.88% |       39809      3.13%     75.01% |       39887      3.14%     78.15% |       39832      3.14%     81.29% |       39738      3.13%     84.42% |       39563      3.11%     87.53% |       39575      3.12%     90.65% |       39529      3.11%     93.76% |       39638      3.12%     96.88% |       39654      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1270339                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        2071      3.21%      3.21% |        2045      3.17%      6.37% |        2108      3.26%      9.64% |        2187      3.39%     13.03% |        2240      3.47%     16.49% |        2234      3.46%     19.95% |        2199      3.41%     23.36% |        2096      3.25%     26.61% |        2046      3.17%     29.77% |        1944      3.01%     32.78% |        2108      3.26%     36.05% |        2077      3.22%     39.27% |        2106      3.26%     42.53% |        2131      3.30%     45.83% |        2111      3.27%     49.10% |        2063      3.19%     52.29% |        2041      3.16%     55.45% |        1937      3.00%     58.45% |        2047      3.17%     61.62% |        1958      3.03%     64.65% |        1984      3.07%     67.73% |        1854      2.87%     70.60% |        1965      3.04%     73.64% |        1860      2.88%     76.52% |        1928      2.99%     79.51% |        1873      2.90%     82.41% |        1865      2.89%     85.30% |        1879      2.91%     88.21% |        1962      3.04%     91.24% |        1894      2.93%     94.18% |        1909      2.96%     97.13% |        1851      2.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        64573                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      204607      5.44%      5.44% |      114381      3.04%      8.48% |      113405      3.01%     11.49% |      115272      3.06%     14.56% |      113699      3.02%     17.58% |      112765      3.00%     20.58% |      112913      3.00%     23.58% |      112054      2.98%     26.55% |      112541      2.99%     29.55% |      113203      3.01%     32.55% |      115299      3.06%     35.62% |      114196      3.04%     38.65% |      113536      3.02%     41.67% |      113846      3.03%     44.70% |      112702      3.00%     47.69% |      112372      2.99%     50.68% |      113559      3.02%     53.70% |      113328      3.01%     56.71% |      114002      3.03%     59.74% |      113974      3.03%     62.77% |      114376      3.04%     65.81% |      128526      3.42%     69.22% |      122396      3.25%     72.48% |      112979      3.00%     75.48% |      113573      3.02%     78.50% |      113578      3.02%     81.52% |      113571      3.02%     84.54% |      113052      3.00%     87.54% |      114594      3.05%     90.59% |      113306      3.01%     93.60% |      117054      3.11%     96.71% |      123814      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      3762473                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         822      2.99%      2.99% |         886      3.23%      6.22% |         813      2.96%      9.18% |         834      3.04%     12.22% |         806      2.93%     15.15% |         835      3.04%     18.19% |         782      2.85%     21.04% |         851      3.10%     24.14% |         850      3.10%     27.23% |         922      3.36%     30.59% |         851      3.10%     33.69% |         867      3.16%     36.85% |         853      3.11%     39.95% |         839      3.06%     43.01% |         805      2.93%     45.94% |         901      3.28%     49.22% |         872      3.18%     52.40% |         900      3.28%     55.67% |         841      3.06%     58.74% |         900      3.28%     62.01% |         862      3.14%     65.15% |         886      3.23%     68.38% |         865      3.15%     71.53% |         875      3.19%     74.71% |         868      3.16%     77.87% |         919      3.35%     81.22% |         855      3.11%     84.33% |         887      3.23%     87.56% |         855      3.11%     90.68% |         855      3.11%     93.79% |         832      3.03%     96.82% |         873      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        27462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        4379      3.06%      3.06% |        4452      3.12%      6.18% |        4229      2.96%      9.14% |        4398      3.08%     12.22% |        4351      3.04%     15.26% |        4421      3.09%     18.35% |        4360      3.05%     21.40% |        4629      3.24%     24.64% |        4515      3.16%     27.80% |        4540      3.18%     30.98% |        4405      3.08%     34.06% |        4557      3.19%     37.25% |        4469      3.13%     40.38% |        4558      3.19%     43.57% |        4478      3.13%     46.70% |        4690      3.28%     49.98% |        4502      3.15%     53.13% |        4609      3.22%     56.36% |        4454      3.12%     59.47% |        4524      3.17%     62.64% |        4451      3.11%     65.75% |        4657      3.26%     69.01% |        4433      3.10%     72.11% |        4646      3.25%     75.36% |        4399      3.08%     78.44% |        4493      3.14%     81.59% |        4252      2.98%     84.56% |        4383      3.07%     87.63% |        4270      2.99%     90.62% |        4471      3.13%     93.74% |        4369      3.06%     96.80% |        4571      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total       142915                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          16      7.66%      7.66% |           0      0.00%      7.66% |           0      0.00%      7.66% |           0      0.00%      7.66% |          54     25.84%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |           0      0.00%     33.49% |          46     22.01%     55.50% |          45     21.53%     77.03% |          48     22.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          209                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |          14      2.18%      2.18% |          16      2.49%      4.67% |           7      1.09%      5.76% |          18      2.80%      8.57% |           6      0.93%      9.50% |           8      1.25%     10.75% |           6      0.93%     11.68% |          16      2.49%     14.17% |          16      2.49%     16.67% |          31      4.83%     21.50% |          52      8.10%     29.60% |          12      1.87%     31.46% |          16      2.49%     33.96% |          12      1.87%     35.83% |          17      2.65%     38.47% |          26      4.05%     42.52% |          19      2.96%     45.48% |          21      3.27%     48.75% |          15      2.34%     51.09% |          13      2.02%     53.12% |          15      2.34%     55.45% |         101     15.73%     71.18% |          37      5.76%     76.95% |          28      4.36%     81.31% |          31      4.83%     86.14% |          18      2.80%     88.94% |          22      3.43%     92.37% |          13      2.02%     94.39% |          11      1.71%     96.11% |           7      1.09%     97.20% |           8      1.25%     98.44% |          10      1.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          642                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |          19      2.69%      2.69% |          12      1.70%      4.39% |          17      2.41%      6.80% |          29      4.11%     10.91% |          34      4.82%     15.72% |          19      2.69%     18.41% |          14      1.98%     20.40% |          18      2.55%     22.95% |          13      1.84%     24.79% |          15      2.12%     26.91% |          20      2.83%     29.75% |          22      3.12%     32.86% |          14      1.98%     34.84% |          21      2.97%     37.82% |          25      3.54%     41.36% |          23      3.26%     44.62% |          17      2.41%     47.03% |          20      2.83%     49.86% |          23      3.26%     53.12% |          27      3.82%     56.94% |          87     12.32%     69.26% |          20      2.83%     72.10% |          27      3.82%     75.92% |          18      2.55%     78.47% |          22      3.12%     81.59% |          16      2.27%     83.85% |          29      4.11%     87.96% |          21      2.97%     90.93% |          15      2.12%     93.06% |          13      1.84%     94.90% |          21      2.97%     97.88% |          15      2.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          706                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           7      3.38%      3.38% |           9      4.35%      7.73% |          10      4.83%     12.56% |           9      4.35%     16.91% |           3      1.45%     18.36% |           7      3.38%     21.74% |           6      2.90%     24.64% |           7      3.38%     28.02% |           4      1.93%     29.95% |          13      6.28%     36.23% |          10      4.83%     41.06% |           7      3.38%     44.44% |           6      2.90%     47.34% |           4      1.93%     49.28% |           5      2.42%     51.69% |           3      1.45%     53.14% |           3      1.45%     54.59% |           7      3.38%     57.97% |          10      4.83%     62.80% |           5      2.42%     65.22% |           5      2.42%     67.63% |           8      3.86%     71.50% |           8      3.86%     75.36% |           8      3.86%     79.23% |           5      2.42%     81.64% |           8      3.86%     85.51% |           8      3.86%     89.37% |           8      3.86%     93.24% |           5      2.42%     95.65% |           2      0.97%     96.62% |           5      2.42%     99.03% |           2      0.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       95559      3.45%      3.45% |       86531      3.12%      6.57% |       86273      3.11%      9.68% |       86148      3.11%     12.78% |       86182      3.11%     15.89% |       86057      3.10%     19.00% |       86273      3.11%     22.11% |       86609      3.12%     25.23% |       86655      3.12%     28.36% |       86560      3.12%     31.48% |       86547      3.12%     34.60% |       86251      3.11%     37.71% |       86277      3.11%     40.82% |       86230      3.11%     43.93% |       86294      3.11%     47.04% |       86490      3.12%     50.16% |       86569      3.12%     53.28% |       86527      3.12%     56.40% |       86255      3.11%     59.51% |       86100      3.10%     62.62% |       86127      3.11%     65.72% |       86544      3.12%     68.85% |       86386      3.12%     71.96% |       86543      3.12%     75.08% |       86643      3.12%     78.21% |       86561      3.12%     81.33% |       86189      3.11%     84.44% |       86074      3.10%     87.54% |       86033      3.10%     90.64% |       86328      3.11%     93.76% |       86451      3.12%     96.87% |       86706      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2772972                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           3      3.49%      8.14% |           1      1.16%      9.30% |           3      3.49%     12.79% |           6      6.98%     19.77% |           4      4.65%     24.42% |           5      5.81%     30.23% |           3      3.49%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           3      3.49%     41.86% |           2      2.33%     44.19% |           2      2.33%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           2      2.33%     52.33% |           1      1.16%     53.49% |           1      1.16%     54.65% |           1      1.16%     55.81% |           2      2.33%     58.14% |           5      5.81%     63.95% |           3      3.49%     67.44% |           3      3.49%     70.93% |           2      2.33%     73.26% |           2      2.33%     75.58% |           2      2.33%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           1      1.16%     81.40% |           2      2.33%     83.72% |           2      2.33%     86.05% |           4      4.65%     90.70% |           1      1.16%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           5      5.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         875      3.19%      3.19% |         884      3.22%      6.40% |         812      2.96%      9.36% |         832      3.03%     12.39% |         805      2.93%     15.32% |         835      3.04%     18.36% |         781      2.84%     21.20% |         850      3.09%     24.29% |         849      3.09%     27.38% |         921      3.35%     30.74% |         848      3.09%     33.82% |         865      3.15%     36.97% |         853      3.10%     40.08% |         838      3.05%     43.13% |         804      2.93%     46.05% |         900      3.28%     49.33% |         872      3.17%     52.50% |         898      3.27%     55.77% |         840      3.06%     58.83% |         899      3.27%     62.10% |         860      3.13%     65.23% |         883      3.21%     68.45% |         863      3.14%     71.59% |         872      3.17%     74.76% |         866      3.15%     77.92% |         917      3.34%     81.25% |         855      3.11%     84.37% |         887      3.23%     87.59% |         852      3.10%     90.70% |         854      3.11%     93.80% |         832      3.03%     96.83% |         870      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        27472                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      6.12%      6.12% |           2      4.08%     10.20% |           1      2.04%     12.24% |           2      4.08%     16.33% |           1      2.04%     18.37% |           0      0.00%     18.37% |           1      2.04%     20.41% |           2      4.08%     24.49% |           1      2.04%     26.53% |           2      4.08%     30.61% |           3      6.12%     36.73% |           2      4.08%     40.82% |           0      0.00%     40.82% |           1      2.04%     42.86% |           1      2.04%     44.90% |           1      2.04%     46.94% |           0      0.00%     46.94% |           2      4.08%     51.02% |           1      2.04%     53.06% |           1      2.04%     55.10% |           2      4.08%     59.18% |           3      6.12%     65.31% |           2      4.08%     69.39% |           4      8.16%     77.55% |           2      4.08%     81.63% |           2      4.08%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3      6.12%     91.84% |           1      2.04%     93.88% |           0      0.00%     93.88% |           3      6.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          10     24.39%     24.39% |           0      0.00%     24.39% |           0      0.00%     24.39% |           1      2.44%     26.83% |           1      2.44%     29.27% |           0      0.00%     29.27% |           0      0.00%     29.27% |           0      0.00%     29.27% |           0      0.00%     29.27% |           0      0.00%     29.27% |           0      0.00%     29.27% |          28     68.29%     97.56% |           1      2.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           41                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          12     21.05%     21.05% |          45     78.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           57                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          23      3.63%      3.63% |          27      4.27%      7.90% |          22      3.48%     11.37% |          12      1.90%     13.27% |          17      2.69%     15.96% |          18      2.84%     18.80% |          26      4.11%     22.91% |          26      4.11%     27.01% |          21      3.32%     30.33% |          21      3.32%     33.65% |          12      1.90%     35.55% |          11      1.74%     37.28% |          16      2.53%     39.81% |          19      3.00%     42.81% |          19      3.00%     45.81% |          24      3.79%     49.61% |          15      2.37%     51.97% |          19      3.00%     54.98% |          13      2.05%     57.03% |          13      2.05%     59.08% |          27      4.27%     63.35% |          19      3.00%     66.35% |          24      3.79%     70.14% |          33      5.21%     75.36% |          21      3.32%     78.67% |          24      3.79%     82.46% |          15      2.37%     84.83% |          20      3.16%     87.99% |          21      3.32%     91.31% |          14      2.21%     93.52% |          20      3.16%     96.68% |          21      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          633                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         687      3.09%      3.09% |         691      3.10%      6.19% |         658      2.96%      9.15% |         710      3.19%     12.34% |         684      3.07%     15.41% |         692      3.11%     18.52% |         634      2.85%     21.37% |         728      3.27%     24.64% |         686      3.08%     27.72% |         659      2.96%     30.68% |         669      3.01%     33.68% |         728      3.27%     36.95% |         699      3.14%     40.09% |         730      3.28%     43.37% |         673      3.02%     46.40% |         744      3.34%     49.74% |         705      3.17%     52.91% |         696      3.13%     56.03% |         669      3.01%     59.04% |         723      3.25%     62.29% |         747      3.36%     65.64% |         805      3.62%     69.26% |         678      3.05%     72.30% |         757      3.40%     75.71% |         663      2.98%     78.68% |         681      3.06%     81.74% |         643      2.89%     84.63% |         704      3.16%     87.79% |         643      2.89%     90.68% |         699      3.14%     93.82% |         661      2.97%     96.79% |         714      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        22260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |          22      3.06%      3.06% |          32      4.44%      7.50% |          24      3.33%     10.83% |          15      2.08%     12.92% |          19      2.64%     15.56% |          17      2.36%     17.92% |          30      4.17%     22.08% |          27      3.75%     25.83% |          22      3.06%     28.89% |          25      3.47%     32.36% |          19      2.64%     35.00% |          15      2.08%     37.08% |          21      2.92%     40.00% |          20      2.78%     42.78% |          24      3.33%     46.11% |          24      3.33%     49.44% |          15      2.08%     51.53% |          24      3.33%     54.86% |          20      2.78%     57.64% |          13      1.81%     59.44% |          29      4.03%     63.47% |          23      3.19%     66.67% |          28      3.89%     70.56% |          36      5.00%     75.56% |          23      3.19%     78.75% |          31      4.31%     83.06% |          18      2.50%     85.56% |          19      2.64%     88.19% |          27      3.75%     91.94% |          16      2.22%     94.17% |          22      3.06%     97.22% |          20      2.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          720                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        3670      3.06%      3.06% |        3729      3.11%      6.17% |        3547      2.96%      9.13% |        3673      3.06%     12.19% |        3648      3.04%     15.23% |        3712      3.10%     18.33% |        3696      3.08%     21.41% |        3874      3.23%     24.64% |        3807      3.17%     27.81% |        3856      3.22%     31.03% |        3717      3.10%     34.13% |        3814      3.18%     37.31% |        3749      3.13%     40.43% |        3808      3.18%     43.61% |        3781      3.15%     46.76% |        3922      3.27%     50.03% |        3782      3.15%     53.18% |        3889      3.24%     56.43% |        3765      3.14%     59.56% |        3788      3.16%     62.72% |        3675      3.06%     65.79% |        3829      3.19%     68.98% |        3727      3.11%     72.09% |        3853      3.21%     75.30% |        3713      3.10%     78.40% |        3781      3.15%     81.55% |        3591      2.99%     84.54% |        3660      3.05%     87.59% |        3600      3.00%     90.60% |        3756      3.13%     93.73% |        3686      3.07%     96.80% |        3837      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total       119935                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2     28.57%     42.86% |           1     14.29%     57.14% |           3     42.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.78%      2.78% |           2      5.56%      8.33% |           1      2.78%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           1      2.78%     13.89% |           1      2.78%     16.67% |           2      5.56%     22.22% |           1      2.78%     25.00% |           1      2.78%     27.78% |           2      5.56%     33.33% |           2      5.56%     38.89% |           3      8.33%     47.22% |           3      8.33%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           3      8.33%     63.89% |           1      2.78%     66.67% |           1      2.78%     69.44% |           2      5.56%     75.00% |           2      5.56%     80.56% |           3      8.33%     88.89% |           1      2.78%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      2.78%     94.44% |           1      2.78%     97.22% |           1      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        5103      3.35%      3.35% |        4930      3.24%      6.59% |        5066      3.33%      9.92% |        4880      3.21%     13.13% |        4931      3.24%     16.37% |        4794      3.15%     19.52% |        4954      3.25%     22.77% |        4799      3.15%     25.92% |        4902      3.22%     29.14% |        4725      3.10%     32.25% |        4808      3.16%     35.41% |        4641      3.05%     38.46% |        4660      3.06%     41.52% |        4547      2.99%     44.50% |        4616      3.03%     47.54% |        4531      2.98%     50.51% |        4636      3.05%     53.56% |        4485      2.95%     56.51% |        4613      3.03%     59.54% |        4488      2.95%     62.49% |        4631      3.04%     65.53% |        4572      3.00%     68.53% |        4703      3.09%     71.62% |        4611      3.03%     74.65% |        4800      3.15%     77.81% |        4652      3.06%     80.86% |        4848      3.19%     84.05% |        4725      3.10%     87.15% |        4875      3.20%     90.35% |        4815      3.16%     93.52% |        4976      3.27%     96.79% |        4891      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total       152208                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        5102      3.30%      3.30% |        4999      3.23%      6.53% |        4978      3.22%      9.75% |        4961      3.21%     12.96% |        4923      3.18%     16.14% |        4875      3.15%     19.29% |        4911      3.17%     22.46% |        4942      3.19%     25.66% |        4962      3.21%     28.87% |        4827      3.12%     31.99% |        4827      3.12%     35.11% |        4793      3.10%     38.21% |        4822      3.12%     41.32% |        4732      3.06%     44.38% |        4658      3.01%     47.39% |        4698      3.04%     50.43% |        4720      3.05%     53.48% |        4681      3.03%     56.51% |        4667      3.02%     59.52% |        4625      2.99%     62.51% |        4656      3.01%     65.52% |        4717      3.05%     68.57% |        4684      3.03%     71.60% |        4699      3.04%     74.64% |        4857      3.14%     77.78% |        4843      3.13%     80.91% |        4834      3.12%     84.04% |        4821      3.12%     87.15% |        4847      3.13%     90.29% |        4990      3.23%     93.51% |        4996      3.23%     96.74% |        5041      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total       154688                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |        2539      3.32%      3.32% |        2525      3.31%      6.63% |        2443      3.20%      9.83% |        2367      3.10%     12.93% |        2244      2.94%     15.87% |        2256      2.95%     18.82% |        2296      3.01%     21.83% |        2412      3.16%     24.99% |        2466      3.23%     28.22% |        2509      3.29%     31.50% |        2314      3.03%     34.53% |        2314      3.03%     37.56% |        2218      2.90%     40.47% |        2190      2.87%     43.33% |        2162      2.83%     46.17% |        2243      2.94%     49.10% |        2294      3.00%     52.11% |        2329      3.05%     55.16% |        2198      2.88%     58.03% |        2278      2.98%     61.02% |        2289      3.00%     64.01% |        2439      3.19%     67.21% |        2332      3.05%     70.26% |        2458      3.22%     73.48% |        2481      3.25%     76.73% |        2469      3.23%     79.96% |        2509      3.29%     83.25% |        2518      3.30%     86.55% |        2452      3.21%     89.76% |        2569      3.36%     93.12% |        2569      3.36%     96.48% |        2685      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        76367                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       55127      3.70%      3.70% |       46278      3.11%      6.81% |       46143      3.10%      9.91% |       46089      3.10%     13.01% |       46256      3.11%     16.11% |       46171      3.10%     19.21% |       46251      3.11%     22.32% |       46411      3.12%     25.44% |       46365      3.11%     28.55% |       46376      3.11%     31.67% |       46577      3.13%     34.79% |       46272      3.11%     37.90% |       46313      3.11%     41.01% |       46314      3.11%     44.12% |       46372      3.11%     47.24% |       46470      3.12%     50.36% |       46457      3.12%     53.48% |       46419      3.12%     56.60% |       46297      3.11%     59.71% |       46122      3.10%     62.80% |       46103      3.10%     65.90% |       46282      3.11%     69.01% |       46322      3.11%     72.12% |       46334      3.11%     75.23% |       46328      3.11%     78.34% |       46310      3.11%     81.45% |       46010      3.09%     84.54% |       45920      3.08%     87.63% |       45981      3.09%     90.72% |       46004      3.09%     93.80% |       46063      3.09%     96.90% |       46178      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1488915                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |          10      6.06%      6.06% |           1      0.61%      6.67% |           5      3.03%      9.70% |           6      3.64%     13.33% |          10      6.06%     19.39% |           5      3.03%     22.42% |          10      6.06%     28.48% |           5      3.03%     31.52% |          10      6.06%     37.58% |           3      1.82%     39.39% |           4      2.42%     41.82% |           5      3.03%     44.85% |           9      5.45%     50.30% |           5      3.03%     53.33% |           7      4.24%     57.58% |           5      3.03%     60.61% |           4      2.42%     63.03% |           4      2.42%     65.45% |           3      1.82%     67.27% |           1      0.61%     67.88% |           3      1.82%     69.70% |           4      2.42%     72.12% |           7      4.24%     76.36% |           8      4.85%     81.21% |           7      4.24%     85.45% |           3      1.82%     87.27% |           1      0.61%     87.88% |           0      0.00%     87.88% |           2      1.21%     89.09% |           2      1.21%     90.30% |           9      5.45%     95.76% |           7      4.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total          165                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        3045      3.30%      3.30% |        2976      3.23%      6.53% |        2894      3.14%      9.67% |        2814      3.05%     12.72% |        2718      2.95%     15.67% |        2684      2.91%     18.58% |        2762      3.00%     21.58% |        2904      3.15%     24.73% |        2984      3.24%     27.97% |        2960      3.21%     31.18% |        2797      3.03%     34.21% |        2807      3.05%     37.26% |        2817      3.06%     40.31% |        2703      2.93%     43.25% |        2662      2.89%     46.13% |        2749      2.98%     49.12% |        2802      3.04%     52.16% |        2855      3.10%     55.25% |        2716      2.95%     58.20% |        2757      2.99%     61.19% |        2754      2.99%     64.18% |        2942      3.19%     67.37% |        2804      3.04%     70.41% |        2910      3.16%     73.57% |        2996      3.25%     76.82% |        3028      3.28%     80.10% |        3011      3.27%     83.37% |        2975      3.23%     86.60% |        2907      3.15%     89.75% |        3122      3.39%     93.14% |        3112      3.38%     96.51% |        3215      3.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        92182                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       38411      3.14%      3.14% |       38301      3.13%      6.26% |       38260      3.12%      9.39% |       38269      3.12%     12.51% |       38232      3.12%     15.64% |       38226      3.12%     18.76% |       38284      3.13%     21.88% |       38318      3.13%     25.01% |       38330      3.13%     28.14% |       38248      3.12%     31.26% |       38197      3.12%     34.38% |       38196      3.12%     37.50% |       38171      3.12%     40.62% |       38237      3.12%     43.74% |       38284      3.13%     46.87% |       38294      3.13%     49.99% |       38334      3.13%     53.13% |       38277      3.13%     56.25% |       38266      3.12%     59.38% |       38245      3.12%     62.50% |       38294      3.13%     65.63% |       38344      3.13%     68.76% |       38283      3.13%     71.88% |       38323      3.13%     75.01% |       38343      3.13%     78.14% |       38246      3.12%     81.27% |       38192      3.12%     84.38% |       38203      3.12%     87.50% |       38169      3.12%     90.62% |       38226      3.12%     93.74% |       38300      3.13%     96.87% |       38337      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1224640                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          80      1.95%      1.95% |          85      2.07%      4.02% |         119      2.90%      6.91% |         112      2.73%      9.64% |         134      3.26%     12.90% |         135      3.29%     16.19% |         129      3.14%     19.33% |          86      2.09%     21.42% |         148      3.60%     25.02% |         121      2.95%     27.97% |         143      3.48%     31.45% |         101      2.46%     33.91% |         108      2.63%     36.54% |         129      3.14%     39.68% |         120      2.92%     42.60% |         112      2.73%     45.33% |         134      3.26%     48.59% |          99      2.41%     51.00% |         156      3.80%     54.80% |         107      2.60%     57.40% |         153      3.72%     61.12% |         112      2.73%     63.85% |         152      3.70%     67.55% |         116      2.82%     70.37% |         119      2.90%     73.27% |         115      2.80%     76.07% |         143      3.48%     79.55% |         152      3.70%     83.25% |         195      4.75%     88.00% |         167      4.07%     92.06% |         170      4.14%     96.20% |         156      3.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         4108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |          10      2.24%      2.24% |          15      3.36%      5.61% |          15      3.36%      8.97% |          14      3.14%     12.11% |          15      3.36%     15.47% |          17      3.81%     19.28% |          11      2.47%     21.75% |          19      4.26%     26.01% |          14      3.14%     29.15% |          13      2.91%     32.06% |           9      2.02%     34.08% |          15      3.36%     37.44% |          12      2.69%     40.13% |          12      2.69%     42.83% |          16      3.59%     46.41% |          19      4.26%     50.67% |          19      4.26%     54.93% |          13      2.91%     57.85% |          13      2.91%     60.76% |          11      2.47%     63.23% |          14      3.14%     66.37% |          18      4.04%     70.40% |          20      4.48%     74.89% |          14      3.14%     78.03% |          23      5.16%     83.18% |           7      1.57%     84.75% |          12      2.69%     87.44% |          10      2.24%     89.69% |          15      3.36%     93.05% |          12      2.69%     95.74% |          13      2.91%     98.65% |           6      1.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total          446                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      212142      5.30%      5.30% |      121961      3.05%      8.35% |      120756      3.02%     11.36% |      122887      3.07%     14.43% |      121281      3.03%     17.46% |      120439      3.01%     20.47% |      120430      3.01%     23.48% |      119824      2.99%     26.47% |      120135      3.00%     29.47% |      120785      3.02%     32.49% |      122831      3.07%     35.56% |      121865      3.04%     38.60% |      121111      3.03%     41.63% |      121534      3.04%     44.66% |      120233      3.00%     47.67% |      120185      3.00%     50.67% |      121129      3.03%     53.70% |      120937      3.02%     56.72% |      121489      3.03%     59.75% |      121513      3.04%     62.79% |      121838      3.04%     65.83% |      136094      3.40%     69.23% |      129820      3.24%     72.47% |      120539      3.01%     75.48% |      120944      3.02%     78.51% |      121052      3.02%     81.53% |      120731      3.02%     84.55% |      120387      3.01%     87.55% |      121876      3.04%     90.60% |      120712      3.02%     93.61% |      124359      3.11%     96.72% |      131311      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4003130                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           8      3.85%      3.85% |           8      3.85%      7.69% |          17      8.17%     15.87% |           5      2.40%     18.27% |           8      3.85%     22.12% |           4      1.92%     24.04% |          11      5.29%     29.33% |           3      1.44%     30.77% |          11      5.29%     36.06% |          11      5.29%     41.35% |          13      6.25%     47.60% |           2      0.96%     48.56% |           4      1.92%     50.48% |           2      0.96%     51.44% |          11      5.29%     56.73% |           8      3.85%     60.58% |          11      5.29%     65.87% |           5      2.40%     68.27% |          11      5.29%     73.56% |           2      0.96%     74.52% |           5      2.40%     76.92% |           2      0.96%     77.88% |           3      1.44%     79.33% |           4      1.92%     81.25% |           5      2.40%     83.65% |           0      0.00%     83.65% |          13      6.25%     89.90% |           7      3.37%     93.27% |           6      2.88%     96.15% |           2      0.96%     97.12% |           6      2.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total          208                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          17      2.60%      2.60% |          25      3.83%      6.43% |           9      1.38%      7.81% |          19      2.91%     10.72% |          20      3.06%     13.78% |          26      3.98%     17.76% |          17      2.60%     20.37% |          23      3.52%     23.89% |          20      3.06%     26.95% |          35      5.36%     32.31% |          29      4.44%     36.75% |          28      4.29%     41.04% |          20      3.06%     44.10% |          20      3.06%     47.17% |          25      3.83%     51.00% |          20      3.06%     54.06% |           7      1.07%     55.13% |          23      3.52%     58.65% |          23      3.52%     62.17% |          19      2.91%     65.08% |          23      3.52%     68.61% |          11      1.68%     70.29% |          27      4.13%     74.43% |          19      2.91%     77.34% |          17      2.60%     79.94% |          25      3.83%     83.77% |          20      3.06%     86.83% |          18      2.76%     89.59% |          18      2.76%     92.34% |          10      1.53%     93.87% |          22      3.37%     97.24% |          18      2.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          653                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1992      3.35%      3.35% |        1964      3.30%      6.65% |        1997      3.36%     10.01% |        2056      3.46%     13.47% |        2129      3.58%     17.04% |        2125      3.57%     20.62% |        2064      3.47%     24.09% |        1985      3.34%     27.42% |        1835      3.09%     30.51% |        1757      2.95%     33.46% |        1857      3.12%     36.59% |        1867      3.14%     39.72% |        1936      3.25%     42.98% |        1933      3.25%     46.23% |        1782      3.00%     49.23% |        1881      3.16%     52.39% |        1883      3.17%     55.55% |        1783      3.00%     58.55% |        1954      3.29%     61.84% |        1789      3.01%     64.84% |        1818      3.06%     67.90% |        1695      2.85%     70.75% |        1761      2.96%     73.71% |        1624      2.73%     76.44% |        1732      2.91%     79.35% |        1713      2.88%     82.23% |        1731      2.91%     85.14% |        1700      2.86%     88.00% |        1838      3.09%     91.09% |        1760      2.96%     94.05% |        1791      3.01%     97.06% |        1747      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        59479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          79      1.55%      1.55% |          81      1.59%      3.14% |         111      2.18%      5.33% |         131      2.57%      7.90% |         111      2.18%     10.08% |         109      2.14%     12.22% |         135      2.65%     14.88% |         111      2.18%     17.06% |         211      4.15%     21.20% |         187      3.67%     24.88% |         251      4.93%     29.81% |         210      4.13%     33.94% |         170      3.34%     37.28% |         198      3.89%     41.17% |         329      6.46%     47.63% |         182      3.58%     51.21% |         158      3.10%     54.31% |         154      3.03%     57.34% |          93      1.83%     59.17% |         169      3.32%     62.49% |         166      3.26%     65.75% |         157      3.09%     68.83% |         204      4.01%     72.84% |         236      4.64%     77.48% |         196      3.85%     81.33% |         160      3.14%     84.48% |         133      2.61%     87.09% |         179      3.52%     90.61% |         124      2.44%     93.04% |         134      2.63%     95.68% |         118      2.32%     98.00% |         102      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         5089                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          79      1.55%      1.55% |          81      1.59%      3.14% |         111      2.18%      5.33% |         131      2.57%      7.90% |         111      2.18%     10.08% |         109      2.14%     12.22% |         135      2.65%     14.88% |         111      2.18%     17.06% |         211      4.15%     21.20% |         187      3.67%     24.88% |         251      4.93%     29.81% |         210      4.13%     33.94% |         170      3.34%     37.28% |         198      3.89%     41.17% |         329      6.46%     47.63% |         182      3.58%     51.21% |         158      3.10%     54.31% |         154      3.03%     57.34% |          93      1.83%     59.17% |         169      3.32%     62.49% |         166      3.26%     65.75% |         157      3.09%     68.83% |         204      4.01%     72.84% |         236      4.64%     77.48% |         196      3.85%     81.33% |         160      3.14%     84.48% |         133      2.61%     87.09% |         179      3.52%     90.61% |         124      2.44%     93.04% |         134      2.63%     95.68% |         118      2.32%     98.00% |         102      2.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         5089                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           1      3.85%     11.54% |           0      0.00%     11.54% |           2      7.69%     19.23% |           0      0.00%     19.23% |           0      0.00%     19.23% |           1      3.85%     23.08% |           3     11.54%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           4     15.38%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      3.85%     53.85% |           1      3.85%     57.69% |           2      7.69%     65.38% |           0      0.00%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           4     15.38%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           1      3.85%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           0      0.00%     88.46% |           1      3.85%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           1      3.12%      6.25% |           2      6.25%     12.50% |           2      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           2      6.25%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      3.12%     28.12% |           2      6.25%     34.38% |           1      3.12%     37.50% |           2      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           2      6.25%     50.00% |           2      6.25%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           0      0.00%     59.38% |           0      0.00%     59.38% |           1      3.12%     62.50% |           1      3.12%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           5     15.62%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           1      3.12%     84.38% |           0      0.00%     84.38% |           2      6.25%     90.62% |           0      0.00%     90.62% |           2      6.25%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1992      3.35%      3.35% |        1964      3.30%      6.65% |        1997      3.36%     10.01% |        2056      3.46%     13.46% |        2129      3.58%     17.04% |        2125      3.57%     20.62% |        2064      3.47%     24.09% |        1985      3.34%     27.42% |        1835      3.08%     30.51% |        1757      2.95%     33.46% |        1857      3.12%     36.58% |        1867      3.14%     39.72% |        1936      3.25%     42.98% |        1933      3.25%     46.23% |        1782      3.00%     49.22% |        1881      3.16%     52.38% |        1883      3.17%     55.55% |        1783      3.00%     58.55% |        1954      3.28%     61.83% |        1789      3.01%     64.84% |        1818      3.06%     67.90% |        1697      2.85%     70.75% |        1761      2.96%     73.71% |        1624      2.73%     76.44% |        1732      2.91%     79.35% |        1713      2.88%     82.23% |        1732      2.91%     85.14% |        1700      2.86%     88.00% |        1838      3.09%     91.09% |        1760      2.96%     94.05% |        1791      3.01%     97.06% |        1749      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        59484                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      402257     20.46%     20.46% |      983258     50.00%     70.46% |       35849      1.82%     72.28% |       36730      1.87%     74.15% |       36321      1.85%     75.99% |       37239      1.89%     77.89% |       36647      1.86%     79.75% |       36812      1.87%     81.62% |       35552      1.81%     83.43% |       36457      1.85%     85.28% |       35412      1.80%     87.08% |       35892      1.83%     88.91% |       36321      1.85%     90.76% |       36187      1.84%     92.60% |       35465      1.80%     94.40% |       36638      1.86%     96.26% |       36511      1.86%     98.12% |       36968      1.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1966516                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      402257     20.46%     20.46% |      983258     50.00%     70.46% |       35849      1.82%     72.28% |       36730      1.87%     74.15% |       36321      1.85%     75.99% |       37239      1.89%     77.89% |       36647      1.86%     79.75% |       36812      1.87%     81.62% |       35552      1.81%     83.43% |       36457      1.85%     85.28% |       35412      1.80%     87.08% |       35892      1.83%     88.91% |       36321      1.85%     90.76% |       36187      1.84%     92.60% |       35465      1.80%     94.40% |       36638      1.86%     96.26% |       36511      1.86%     98.12% |       36968      1.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1966516                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      402257     20.46%     20.46% |      983258     50.00%     70.46% |       35849      1.82%     72.28% |       36730      1.87%     74.15% |       36321      1.85%     75.99% |       37239      1.89%     77.89% |       36647      1.86%     79.75% |       36812      1.87%     81.62% |       35552      1.81%     83.43% |       36457      1.85%     85.28% |       35412      1.80%     87.08% |       35892      1.83%     88.91% |       36321      1.85%     90.76% |       36187      1.84%     92.60% |       35465      1.80%     94.40% |       36638      1.86%     96.26% |       36511      1.86%     98.12% |       36968      1.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1966516                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      402257     20.46%     20.46% |      983258     50.00%     70.46% |       35849      1.82%     72.28% |       36730      1.87%     74.15% |       36321      1.85%     75.99% |       37239      1.89%     77.89% |       36647      1.86%     79.75% |       36812      1.87%     81.62% |       35552      1.81%     83.43% |       36457      1.85%     85.28% |       35412      1.80%     87.08% |       35892      1.83%     88.91% |       36321      1.85%     90.76% |       36187      1.84%     92.60% |       35465      1.80%     94.40% |       36638      1.86%     96.26% |       36511      1.86%     98.12% |       36968      1.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1966516                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
