
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093492                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93492320000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5269660398500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  50417                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    88881                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              110174389                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6010340                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   848.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42782999                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75423266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21118208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21118208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11912832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11912832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       329972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             329972                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186138                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186138                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    225881741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            225881741                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    127420434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           127420434                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    353302175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           353302175                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     329972                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186138                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   329972                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186138                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21115840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11912640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21118208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11912832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    37                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20886                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     2975                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     1864                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  93491760000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               329972                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186138                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 161286                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  42823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  31464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  22101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  16085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  12060                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   8797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   6719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   5182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   3912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  2963                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  2287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1449                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                   554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   456                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  3493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  33549                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  36001                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  36487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  36219                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  35646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   2917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   2038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   3281                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       156496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   211.044270                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   158.373099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   175.918150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        50209     32.08%     32.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        46634     29.80%     61.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43208     27.61%     89.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6469      4.13%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3952      2.53%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1976      1.26%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1326      0.85%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          932      0.60%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1790      1.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       156496                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33780                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.767022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.680184                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        33773     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        33780                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.510213                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.379144                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.560255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          31628     93.63%     93.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1535      4.54%     98.17% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          317      0.94%     99.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          300      0.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        33780                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 12305945642                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            18492226892                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1649675000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    37298.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               56048.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      225.86                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      127.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   225.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   127.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.20                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  247963                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 111599                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                75.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               59.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    181146.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15203572750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3121820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    75164384750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              597209760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              585839520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              325858500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              319654500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1291921800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1281438600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604357200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601765200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6106279920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6106279920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        38989605690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        38272844655                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21892449750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22521187500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          69807682620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69689009895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.687978                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.418612                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20702016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20702016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11494208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11494208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    221430124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            221430124                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    122942804                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           122942804                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    344372928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           344372928                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323469                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179597                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323469                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179597                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20700160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1856                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11493952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20702016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11494208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    29                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19938                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     1819                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1594                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  93491489000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323469                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179597                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 157826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  39983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  30621                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  22387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  16369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  12194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   9327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   7079                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   4167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  3088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2426                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  1930                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  1226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   604                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                   539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   137                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  2099                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  32449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  34725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  35170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  35012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   2942                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   1978                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   2796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       147925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   217.633314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.997083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   179.235783                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        46081     31.15%     31.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41962     28.37%     59.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43137     29.16%     88.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6555      4.43%     93.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3953      2.67%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2223      1.50%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1389      0.94%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          901      0.61%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1724      1.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       147925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.902508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.719260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32653     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        32659                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.499035                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.370500                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.538518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30554     93.55%     93.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1526      4.67%     98.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          310      0.95%     99.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          269      0.82%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        32659                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 11511557091                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            17576057091                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1617200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    35591.01                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               54341.01                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      221.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      122.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   221.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   122.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  244711                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 110390                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               61.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    185843.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15398399000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3121820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    74970147500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              564792480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              553505400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              308170500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              302011875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1267141200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1255589400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583381440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580381200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6106279920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6106279920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        38489176755                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37524923145                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22331422500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23177259000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69650364795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          69499949940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          745.005250                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          743.396359                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20702592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20702592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11493952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11493952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323478                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179593                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179593                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    221436285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            221436285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    122940066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           122940066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    344376351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           344376351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323478                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179593                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323478                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179593                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20701632                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11493824                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20702592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11493952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     1851                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     1519                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  93492178500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323478                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179593                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 157919                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  40094                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  30682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  22341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  16045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  11867                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   9070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   6966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   4126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  3295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  1563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  1213                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                   561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   174                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   153                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  2127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  32473                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  34519                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  35039                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  34964                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34666                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   3014                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   2083                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   2835                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       147190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.731381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.761651                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.635988                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45518     30.92%     30.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41601     28.26%     59.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43405     29.49%     88.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6461      4.39%     93.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3898      2.65%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2196      1.49%     97.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1332      0.90%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          943      0.64%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1836      1.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       147190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.899547                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.744595                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32667     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        32672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.496786                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.370181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.522662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30588     93.62%     93.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1547      4.73%     98.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          282      0.86%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          255      0.78%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        32672                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 11589950927                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            17654882177                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1617315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    35830.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               54580.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      221.43                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      122.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   221.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   122.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  245011                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 110848                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               61.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    185842.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15446372750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3121820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    74921584750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              561473640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              551267640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              306359625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              300790875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1267507800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1255433400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583355520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580394160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6106279920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6106279920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        38375584875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        37458275040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22431064500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23235722250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69631625880                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          69488163285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          744.804812                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.270284                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20680128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20680128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11490688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11490688                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             323127                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179542                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    221196008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            221196008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    122905154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           122905154                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    344101163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           344101163                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     323128                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179542                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   323128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179542                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20679488                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11490624                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20680192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11490688                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     1946                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1477                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  93491578500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               323128                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179542                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 158111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  40383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  30631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  22237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  15942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  11876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   8977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   6820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   4002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  3116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  1922                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  1539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  1245                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   411                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   265                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   190                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  2203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  32462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  34735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  35184                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  35032                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34503                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   2872                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   1955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   2799                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       147024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   218.802917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.874583                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   180.312653                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        45434     30.90%     30.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        41506     28.23%     59.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43283     29.44%     88.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6646      4.52%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3961      2.69%     95.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2064      1.40%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1344      0.91%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          963      0.65%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1823      1.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       147024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.892869                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.252967                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32651     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        32661                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.497107                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.369434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.532331                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30570     93.60%     93.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1525      4.67%     98.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          302      0.92%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          264      0.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        32661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 11711740366                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            17770184116                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1615585000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    36246.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               54996.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      221.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      122.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   221.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   122.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  244665                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 110961                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               61.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    185989.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15168671500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3121820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    75199408500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              560589120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              550904760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              305877000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              300592875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1265604600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1254637800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583102800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580290480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6106279920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6106279920                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        38230738470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        37442632815                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22558122750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23249443500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69610314660                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          69484782150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.576859                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          743.234119                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               17078860                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 31.710137                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                26.759363                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                24.611185                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16861452     98.73%     98.73% |      198526      1.16%     99.89% |       14754      0.09%     99.98% |        3242      0.02%     99.99% |         714      0.00%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 17078860                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     33171887                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.073666                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.739431                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.667704                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29992626     90.42%     90.42% |     2703112      8.15%     98.56% |      357407      1.08%     99.64% |       61476      0.19%     99.83% |       27414      0.08%     99.91% |        9764      0.03%     99.94% |        9343      0.03%     99.97% |        8147      0.02%     99.99% |        2598      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      33171887                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            33171885                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              19.008187                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.258168                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             70.769411                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    33083234     99.73%     99.73% |       72129      0.22%     99.95% |       11065      0.03%     99.98% |        3368      0.01%     99.99% |        1365      0.00%    100.00% |         476      0.00%    100.00% |         152      0.00%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              33171885                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        30139477                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.004427                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.003596                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.082870                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    30038793     99.67%     99.67% |       71923      0.24%     99.90% |       25102      0.08%     99.99% |        3329      0.01%    100.00% |         330      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          30139477                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3032408                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        178.071532                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       136.712683                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       164.133161                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2943757     97.08%     97.08% |       72129      2.38%     99.46% |       11065      0.36%     99.82% |        3368      0.11%     99.93% |        1365      0.05%     99.98% |         476      0.02%     99.99% |         152      0.01%    100.00% |          85      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3032408                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         822183                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       822183                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           30                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           26                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           33                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           26                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20326185                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       689665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     21015850                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9362160                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123476                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9485636                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       888697                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30715                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       300008                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1718094                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54374                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        62290                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       287156                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       349446                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        92678                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        52265                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       271100                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       323365                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        79257                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        47055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       260663                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       307718                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        77182                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        53747                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       274834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       328581                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        83429                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        52739                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       273235                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       325974                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        83154                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        43781                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       245680                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       289461                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        67545                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        73748                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       309603                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       383351                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       113244                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        65507                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       296980                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       362487                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles       102074                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       113726                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49850                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       163576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        50336                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43116                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        93452                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        50903                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        43236                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        94139                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        50178                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43192                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        93370                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        49144                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        43223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        92367                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        48907                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43169                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        92076                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        47713                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        90922                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        48008                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        91199                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        49533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43197                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        92730                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        49128                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43202                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        92330                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        49320                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43157                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        92477                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        49080                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        92245                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        48658                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43153                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        91811                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        48485                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        91633                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        51304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        43205                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        94509                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        49014                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        92180                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        48137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        91259                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        48513                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        43186                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        91699                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        49056                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        43209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        92265                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        48299                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        91449                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        49423                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        43041                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        92464                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        49030                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43087                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        92117                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        49728                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        92843                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        49763                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43139                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        92902                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        52359                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43088                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        95447                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        53292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        43074                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        96366                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        48784                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        43089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        91873                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        48966                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43096                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        92062                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        48666                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43173                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        91839                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        47881                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        91047                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        48315                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43192                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        91507                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        51032                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43223                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        94255                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          346                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18256428                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18256428                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18762272                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18256428                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9000394                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8956576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18256428                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.097636                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     12179536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     12179536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12821479                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12179536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7202410                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7139816                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     12179536                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.065137                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9763380                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9763380                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10268181                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9763380                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4576911                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4530912                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9763380                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.052215                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8883028                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8883028                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9339022                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8883028                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4271065                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4249200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8883028                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.047507                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      9715878                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      9715878                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10207378                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9715878                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5115953                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5054978                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      9715878                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.051961                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9185207                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9185207                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9678770                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9185207                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4649828                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4622555                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9185207                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.049123                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     10543645                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     10543645                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11131267                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10543645                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4492463                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4470717                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     10543645                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.056388                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      8663315                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      8663315                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9193789                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8663315                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3939548                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3924155                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      8663315                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.046332                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6794587                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6794587                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7120729                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6794587                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3269978                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3242919                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6794587                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.036338                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      8119880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      8119880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8579538                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8119880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3974285                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3945196                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      8119880                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.043425                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5157297                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5157297                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5433677                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5157297                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2196443                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2178557                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5157297                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.027581                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3744263                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3744263                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3783102                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3744263                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1711574                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1710603                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3744263                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.020024                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4424034                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4424034                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4478158                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4424034                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2190098                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2188450                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4424034                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023660                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3789078                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3789078                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3832194                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3789078                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1714186                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1713082                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3789078                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020264                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2665261                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2665261                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2715641                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2665261                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1061629                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1060381                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2665261                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.014254                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3598374                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3598374                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3662958                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3598374                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1444268                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1442646                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3598374                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019244                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4502934                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4502934                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4563965                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4502934                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1711125                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1709814                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4502934                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.024082                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3841674                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3841674                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3898448                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3841674                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1499233                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1498110                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3841674                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.020545                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3478734                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3478734                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3550396                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3478734                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1429042                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1427362                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3478734                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018604                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2045945                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2045945                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2103168                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2045945                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       855980                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       854473                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2045945                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010942                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1966898                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1966898                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1973332                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1966898                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       972195                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       971966                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1966898                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010519                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2347082                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2347082                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2359276                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2347082                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1238557                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1237482                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2347082                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012552                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2123593                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2123593                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2134785                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2123593                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1044894                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1044493                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2123593                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011357                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1334840                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1334840                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1334840                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1334840                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       594589                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       594536                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1334840                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007139                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1885943                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1885943                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1891971                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1885943                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       900517                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       900239                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1885943                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010086                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2300518                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2300518                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2312526                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2300518                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1207410                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1206266                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2300518                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012303                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2109228                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2109228                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2120138                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2109228                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1032405                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1032056                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2109228                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011280                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1341769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1341769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1341769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1341769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       596540                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       596485                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1341769                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007176                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8421625                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8421625                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8875189                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8421625                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3883854                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3874425                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8421625                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.045039                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7714489                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7714489                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8002741                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7714489                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3428418                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3421749                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7714489                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.041257                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8012395                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8012395                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8437464                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8012393                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3406784                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3394262                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8012393                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.042851                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      7983780                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      7983780                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8330877                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7983780                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3447672                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3437872                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      7983780                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.042698                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13916476     29.59%     29.59% |    30107515     64.01%     93.60% |     3010381      6.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     47034372                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13916477     29.59%     29.59% |    30107517     64.01%     93.60% |     3010381      6.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     47034375                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   435332681                       |   757935755                       |    71933261                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   117466928                       |   141030760                       |     3039774                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.281819                       |   25.174305                       |   23.895069                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    8.440853                       |    4.684238                       |    1.009764                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    26.899513                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     5.560560                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         32.460073                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004062                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.091131      7.28%      7.28% |    0.090291      7.22%     14.50% |    0.090046      7.20%     21.70% |    0.089458      7.15%     28.85% |    0.201390     16.10%     44.95% |    0.201306     16.09%     61.04% |    0.201287     16.09%     77.13% |    0.201217     16.08%     93.21% |    0.021234      1.70%     94.91% |    0.021235      1.70%     96.61% |    0.021234      1.70%     98.30% |    0.021230      1.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.251060                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031235                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023232                       |    0.000000                       |    0.006359                       |    0.006048                       |    0.005818                       |    0.006138                       |    0.006077                       |    0.005526                       |    0.006801                       |    0.006568                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006251                       |    0.003791                       |    0.003739                       |    0.003773                       |    0.003739                       |    0.003740                       |    0.003734                       |    0.003715                       |    0.003727                       |    0.003807                       |    0.003810                       |    0.003784                       |    0.003753                       |    0.003740                       |    0.003705                       |    0.003714                       |    0.003761                       |    0.003750                       |    0.003758                       |    0.003750                       |    0.003733                       |    0.003825                       |    0.003750                       |    0.003720                       |    0.003732                       |    0.003752                       |    0.003731                       |    0.003752                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003762                       |    0.003846                       |    0.003879                       |    0.010579                       |    0.010369                       |    0.010369                       |    0.010358                       |    0.000129                       |           0                       |    0.002797                       |    0.007200                       |    0.000556                       |    0.000583                       |    0.000526                       |    0.000584                       |    0.000542                       |    0.000555                       |    0.000526                       |    0.000531                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003428                       |    0.000130                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003862                       |    0.003098                       |    0.009886                       |    0.003419                       |    0.000526                       |    0.004998                       |    0.012035                       |    0.005474                       |           0                       |    0.003430                       |    0.007375                       |           0                       |    0.011893                       |    0.016164                       |    0.006176                       |    0.009163                       |    0.003428                       |    0.000556                       |    0.013309                       |    0.013194                       |    0.012565                       |    0.008656                       |    0.003449                       |    0.000583                       |    0.015043                       |    0.011816                       |    0.007961                       |           0                       |    0.003422                       |    0.007166                       |           0                       |    0.013898                       |    0.009591                       |    0.007181                       |           0                       |    0.003449                       |           0                       |    0.007517                       |    0.004819                       |    0.004240                       |           0                       |    0.003425                       |           0                       |    0.003732                       |    0.002929                       |           0                       |    0.003497                       |           0                       |    0.001659                       |    0.003825                       |    0.003571                       |    0.009483                       |    0.003462                       |    0.000531                       |    0.009528                       |    0.004877                       |    0.011956                       |    0.003588                       |    0.008322                       |    0.003421                       |    0.000526                       |    0.005370                       |    0.012933                       |    0.016819                       |    0.004571                       |    0.025506                       |    0.005222                       |    0.002797                       |    0.010354                       |    0.018154                       |    0.025699                       |    0.009903                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003457                       |    0.007200                       |    0.010012                       |    0.017811                       |    0.017290                       |    0.009367                       |    0.008776                       |    0.003413                       |    0.000584                       |    0.007794                       |    0.013121                       |    0.009942                       |    0.005493                       |           0                       |    0.003436                       |           0                       |    0.002917                       |    0.007505                       |    0.004925                       |    0.004877                       |           0                       |    0.003434                       |           0                       |    0.001535                       |    0.003752                       |    0.003582                       |           0                       |    0.003436                       |           0                       |    0.000752                       |    0.003750                       |    0.003419                       |           0                       |    0.003465                       |           0                       |    0.010287                       |    0.004036                       |    0.006395                       |    0.003398                       |           0                       |    0.003515                       |    0.007165                       |           0                       |    0.005591                       |    0.011790                       |    0.011384                       |    0.003405                       |    0.008718                       |    0.003422                       |    0.000542                       |    0.018161                       |    0.013008                       |    0.009095                       |    0.003442                       |    0.007849                       |    0.003411                       |    0.000555                       |    0.007366                       |    0.014824                       |    0.008903                       |    0.003424                       |           0                       |    0.003508                       |    0.007161                       |           0                       |    0.006685                       |    0.013984                       |    0.007916                       |    0.003443                       |           0                       |    0.003412                       |           0                       |    0.001973                       |    0.007471                       |    0.003968                       |    0.003440                       |           0                       |    0.003428                       |           0                       |    0.000698                       |    0.003731                       |    0.003424                       |           0                       |    0.003419                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003720                       |           0                       |    0.003398                       |           0                       |    0.004643                       |           0                       |    0.006213                       |           0                       |    0.003405                       |           0                       |    0.004661                       |    0.003430                       |    0.007748                       |           0                       |    0.003442                       |           0                       |    0.009924                       |    0.005912                       |    0.004804                       |           0                       |    0.003424                       |           0                       |    0.004090                       |    0.009130                       |    0.003901                       |           0                       |    0.003443                       |           0                       |    0.006593                       |    0.008568                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003440                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007502                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003424                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003752                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.251060                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8069332                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8069332                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343245                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5828785                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5300685                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.939793                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          596069                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30781                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13133575                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73172                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14708799                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138484                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13206747                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14847283                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  27842374                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211656                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              28054030                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9492565                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9537                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9502102                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9492565                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9537                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9502102                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                183234940                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31501616                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               49570640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8069332                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5896754                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             146591318                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141746                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177133                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       278225                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       330325                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9491960                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189435                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3803                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    179416028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.502586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.707557                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        161408237     89.96%     89.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1827740      1.02%     90.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2566078      1.43%     92.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           714580      0.40%     92.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3935414      2.19%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1022730      0.57%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1453808      0.81%     96.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           409323      0.23%     96.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6078118      3.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    179416028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.044038                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.270531                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11497810                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     155348368                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6111992                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6065241                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392610                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86584335                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392610                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13982230                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        94852557                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10676602                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9458432                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      50053590                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       85016467                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5047434                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90517993                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     201185480                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    127522593                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      79351137                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11166826                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296312                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          39946890                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6964588                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     15024476                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1565029                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1402242                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           83486555                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       552075                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87371051                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270805                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8346481                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13317599                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96396                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    179416028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.486975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238572                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144276112     80.41%     80.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14345196      8.00%     88.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7231432      4.03%     92.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4570853      2.55%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3722788      2.07%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2578853      1.44%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023713      1.13%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413911      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253170      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    179416028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104513     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784708     77.88%     88.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118353     11.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338336      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59121135     67.67%     68.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43646      0.05%     68.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12928866     14.80%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14887005     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87371051                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.476825                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011532                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    355436227                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92392753                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     80061604                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       88040148                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1718475                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209393                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2680                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8184                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557205                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7507552                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392610                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5347612                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84147566                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     84038630                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6964588                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15024476                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       543220                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         103391                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8184                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123958                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282420                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406378                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      86759882                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12738365                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400493                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27464101                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6745770                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14725736                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.473490                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               80162208                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              80061709                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          41688477                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          66082662                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.436935                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.630853                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8531973                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       455679                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356441                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    178003314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334626                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    150070203     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12025618      6.76%     91.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6719880      3.78%     94.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2498481      1.40%     96.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1502595      0.84%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1039516      0.58%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508682      0.29%     97.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904322      0.51%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2734017      1.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    178003314                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42782998                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       75423263                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               20222453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5755190                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6301451                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          75022176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       517937                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54960070     72.87%     73.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5755190      7.63%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14467263     19.18%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     75423263                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2734017                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            259092016                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           169333856                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85082                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3818912                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42782998                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              75423263                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.282892                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.282892                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.233487                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.233487                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        132212697                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        58201034                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32133952                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25938656                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        41278921                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               5679916500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            5679916500.000003                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8397745                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        36.898005                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       29.296717                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       32.703090                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     8180402     97.41%     97.41% |      198461      2.36%     99.78% |       14754      0.18%     99.95% |        3242      0.04%     99.99% |         714      0.01%    100.00% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8397745                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8430731                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        26.726726                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.541163                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.307783                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5601125     66.44%     66.44% |     2819745     33.45%     99.88% |        9440      0.11%    100.00% |         356      0.00%    100.00% |          59      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8430731                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        250384                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.509262                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.621698                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.529435                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        4580      1.83%      1.83% |       29468     11.77%     13.60% |       85499     34.15%     47.75% |       58953     23.55%     71.29% |       52243     20.87%     92.16% |       15385      6.14%     98.30% |        3691      1.47%     99.77% |         521      0.21%     99.98% |          41      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          250384                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          8271613                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           40.401922                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           6.951647                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         107.180045                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8214756     99.31%     99.31% |       45470      0.55%     99.86% |        7626      0.09%     99.95% |        2339      0.03%     99.98% |         927      0.01%     99.99% |         318      0.00%    100.00% |         112      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            8271613                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6420516                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.013337                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.010759                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.146976                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6357938     99.03%     99.03% |       43245      0.67%     99.70% |       15943      0.25%     99.95% |        3060      0.05%     99.99% |         330      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6420516                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1851097                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     170.083948                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    126.642186                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    172.238103                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1794240     96.93%     96.93% |       45470      2.46%     99.38% |        7626      0.41%     99.80% |        2339      0.13%     99.92% |         927      0.05%     99.97% |         318      0.02%     99.99% |         112      0.01%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1851097                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         15186291                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           16.811042                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.960246                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          64.702810                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    15154813     99.79%     99.79% |       26344      0.17%     99.97% |        3438      0.02%     99.99% |        1029      0.01%    100.00% |         438      0.00%    100.00% |         158      0.00%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           15186291                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     14143330                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.003373                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.002777                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.069071                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14105323     99.73%     99.73% |       28579      0.20%     99.93% |        9159      0.06%    100.00% |         269      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       14143330                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1042961                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     204.053346                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    168.931779                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    152.685246                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1011483     96.98%     96.98% |       26344      2.53%     99.51% |        3438      0.33%     99.84% |        1029      0.10%     99.94% |         438      0.04%     99.98% |         158      0.02%     99.99% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1042961                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9485634                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.088469                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.128927                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.625733                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9471015     99.85%     99.85% |       11822      0.12%     99.97% |        2484      0.03%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9485634                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9362160                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9362160    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9362160                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123474                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.619402                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.032562                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.008869                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      108855     88.16%     88.16% |       11822      9.57%     97.73% |        2484      2.01%     99.75% |          62      0.05%     99.80% |         109      0.09%     99.88% |         117      0.09%     99.98% |          22      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123474                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227043                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.968173                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741307                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.223604                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223077     98.25%     98.25% |        3057      1.35%     99.60% |         773      0.34%     99.94% |          71      0.03%     99.97% |          30      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227043                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212195                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212096     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212195                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14848                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.544720                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.647807                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.445504                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.29%     73.29% |        3057     20.59%     93.88% |         773      5.21%     99.08% |          71      0.48%     99.56% |          30      0.20%     99.76% |          29      0.20%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14848                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       397184                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7659143                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       125835                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   146568                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   155114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   145150                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   150894                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                   148351                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   146722                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                   129243                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   137053                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 202936                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 168310                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 162626                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 177746                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 177681                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 142798                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 254165                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 225491                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   178002                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   147285                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   143141                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   154840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   156415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   123766                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   223323                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   198496                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               349504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               323424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               307776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               328640                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               326032                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               289520                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               383408                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               362544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 6903967                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 6376316                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140448968211559                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles            140448967960483                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 6761654                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 6055246                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 7745009                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                38187871                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  255168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  236128                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  224704                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  239936                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  238032                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  211376                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  279920                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  264688                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  94336                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  87296                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  83072                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  88704                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  88000                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  78144                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                 103488                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  97856                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               104144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               110594                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits               103003                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               107546                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits               105129                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits               105172                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                90519                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                96454                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             151024                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             125534                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses             121701                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             132390                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             132903                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             106204                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses             189401                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             168234                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               42424                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               44520                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               42147                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               43348                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               43222                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               41550                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               38724                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               40599                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             51912                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             42776                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             40925                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             45356                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             44778                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             36594                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             64764                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             57257                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      134                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      124                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      118                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      126                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      125                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      111                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      147                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      139                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               11138969                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               11196094                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               11136264                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               11219041                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles               11246784                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               11110308                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               11196958                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               11184489                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1984                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    1888                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    2016                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    2000                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    1776                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2352                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    2224                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles              10062152                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              10263212                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles              10237520                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              10189718                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles              10293980                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles              10219492                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles              10002084                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles              10057798                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            5543465                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            5133597                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            4845924                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            5361699                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            5148946                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            4571855                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            6089805                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            5740266                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3883047                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              3677991                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3616176                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3758796                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3712748                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3671472                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              4154720                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3987039                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time         10062152                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         10263212                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time         10237520                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         10189718                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time         10293980                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time         10219492                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time         10002084                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time         10057798                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       5491448                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       5081743                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       4836034                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       5163468                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       5122847                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       4549107                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       6024186                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       5696422                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3717220                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3611221                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3559195                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3676957                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         3626539                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3601513                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         3847147                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3755837                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           10599163                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           10726480                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time           10595638                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           10634426                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time           10727714                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           10567020                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time           10637009                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           10694612                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11064945                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         11083637                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11098113                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         11075222                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         11146598                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         11076654                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         11031502                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11085148                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             51963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             48123                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             45778                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             48845                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             48546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             43280                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             56916                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             53733                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             15395                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             17422                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             15854                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             17409                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             15942                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             17302                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             12650                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             13861                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             36563                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             43261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             36565                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             42857                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             36695                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             43033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             28599                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             31591                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          108804                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles           80692                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles           61186                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          197707                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles           56896                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles           68171                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          237680                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          102688                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      329947     25.38%     25.38% |      323469     24.88%     50.26% |      323478     24.88%     75.14% |      323128     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1300022                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180321     25.70%     25.70% |      173776     24.77%     50.47% |      173767     24.77%     75.24% |      173715     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701579                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      329972     25.38%     25.38% |      323469     24.88%     50.26% |      323478     24.88%     75.14% |      323127     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1300046                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186138     25.68%     25.68% |      179597     24.78%     50.46% |      179593     24.78%     75.23% |      179542     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724870                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141434     25.00%     25.00% |      141501     25.01%     50.02% |      141519     25.02%     75.03% |      141221     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       565675                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      329947     25.38%     25.38% |      323469     24.88%     50.26% |      323478     24.88%     75.14% |      323128     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1300022                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180085     25.70%     25.70% |      173597     24.77%     50.47% |      173593     24.77%     75.24% |      173542     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700817                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141434     25.00%     25.00% |      141501     25.01%     50.02% |      141519     25.02%     75.03% |      141221     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       565675                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      329947     25.38%     25.38% |      323469     24.88%     50.26% |      323478     24.88%     75.14% |      323127     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1300021                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180085     25.70%     25.70% |      173597     24.77%     50.47% |      173593     24.77%     75.24% |      173542     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700817                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6322883     76.42%     76.42% |          18      0.00%     76.42% |      255336      3.09%     79.50% |      236300      2.86%     82.36% |      224753      2.72%     85.07% |      240423      2.91%     87.98% |      238090      2.88%     90.86% |      211437      2.56%     93.41% |      280279      3.39%     96.80% |      264868      3.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      8274387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9485692    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9485692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14694073     95.31%     95.31% |           0      0.00%     95.31% |       94673      0.61%     95.92% |       87563      0.57%     96.49% |       83298      0.54%     97.03% |       89032      0.58%     97.61% |       88204      0.57%     98.18% |       78272      0.51%     98.69% |      104031      0.67%     99.36% |       98207      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15417353                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17006     10.41%     10.41% |          18      0.01%     10.42% |       18579     11.37%     21.79% |       17855     10.93%     32.71% |       17141     10.49%     43.20% |       18400     11.26%     54.46% |       18154     11.11%     65.57% |       17241     10.55%     76.12% |       19490     11.93%     88.04% |       19541     11.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       163425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      808756     26.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |      287346      9.47%     36.14% |      271921      8.97%     45.11% |      260926      8.60%     53.71% |      277061      9.14%     62.85% |      273371      9.01%     71.86% |      246142      8.12%     79.98% |      310144     10.23%     90.20% |      297135      9.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3032802                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3139     12.34%     12.34% |        3179     12.50%     24.84% |        3055     12.01%     36.85% |        3336     13.12%     49.97% |        3315     13.03%     63.00% |        3087     12.14%     75.14% |        3096     12.17%     87.31% |        3228     12.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        25435                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7854     12.77%     12.77% |        7635     12.41%     25.18% |        7140     11.61%     36.78% |        7999     13.00%     49.79% |        7605     12.36%     62.15% |        7412     12.05%     74.19% |        7803     12.68%     86.88% |        8074     13.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        61524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      190254     11.60%     11.60% |          16      0.00%     11.60% |      187731     11.44%     23.04% |      176759     10.77%     33.81% |      169111     10.31%     44.12% |      179148     10.92%     55.04% |      176867     10.78%     65.82% |      159176      9.70%     75.52% |      205725     12.54%     88.06% |      195849     11.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1640636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        7798     12.67%     12.68% |        7476     12.15%     24.83% |        7473     12.15%     36.98% |        7410     12.04%     49.02% |        7749     12.60%     61.61% |        6602     10.73%     72.35% |        8673     14.10%     86.44% |        8341     13.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        61524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622864     46.82%     46.82% |           0      0.00%     46.82% |       91627      6.89%     53.71% |       86865      6.53%     60.24% |       84079      6.32%     66.56% |       88276      6.64%     73.20% |       88619      6.66%     79.86% |       79902      6.01%     85.87% |       95205      7.16%     93.02% |       92790      6.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1330227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      686661     26.36%     26.36% |           0      0.00%     26.36% |      248063      9.52%     35.88% |      234390      9.00%     44.87% |      225353      8.65%     53.52% |      236981      9.10%     62.62% |      234842      9.01%     71.63% |      211520      8.12%     79.75% |      270051     10.37%     90.12% |      257477      9.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2605338                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      189745     10.26%     10.26% |           9      0.00%     10.26% |      215403     11.64%     21.90% |      202219     10.93%     32.83% |      193754     10.47%     43.30% |      205160     11.09%     54.39% |      203861     11.02%     65.41% |      182377      9.86%     75.27% |      234020     12.65%     87.91% |      223613     12.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1850161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120991    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498916     47.17%     47.17% |           0      0.00%     47.17% |       71747      6.78%     53.95% |       68871      6.51%     60.46% |       66905      6.33%     66.79% |       69672      6.59%     73.38% |       69361      6.56%     79.93% |       63302      5.98%     85.92% |       75565      7.14%     93.06% |       73366      6.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1057705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      7.07%      7.07% |           0      0.00%      7.07% |       18490     11.82%     18.89% |       17699     11.32%     30.21% |       17034     10.89%     41.10% |       18191     11.63%     52.74% |       18013     11.52%     64.26% |       17033     10.89%     75.15% |       19432     12.43%     87.58% |       19424     12.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       156367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         926     98.93%     98.93% |           9      0.96%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2485    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          57     51.35%     51.35% |           0      0.00%     51.35% |           6      5.41%     56.76% |          10      9.01%     65.77% |           4      3.60%     69.37% |           2      1.80%     71.17% |          13     11.71%     82.88% |           0      0.00%     82.88% |          18     16.22%     99.10% |           1      0.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1594      5.75%      5.75% |           0      0.00%      5.75% |        3187     11.50%     17.25% |        3267     11.79%     29.03% |        3122     11.26%     40.30% |        3509     12.66%     52.95% |        3402     12.27%     65.23% |        3239     11.68%     76.91% |        3092     11.15%     88.07% |        3308     11.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        27720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     20.37%     20.37% |           0      0.00%     20.37% |        3988      9.90%     30.27% |        4089     10.15%     40.42% |        3491      8.67%     49.09% |        4311     10.70%     59.79% |        4070     10.10%     69.89% |        4414     10.96%     80.85% |        3960      9.83%     90.68% |        3756      9.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        40286                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9362160    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9362160                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3458     95.29%     95.29% |           2      0.06%     95.34% |          12      0.33%     95.67% |          15      0.41%     96.09% |          17      0.47%     96.56% |          33      0.91%     97.46% |          20      0.55%     98.02% |          44      1.21%     99.23% |          18      0.50%     99.72% |          10      0.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     30.81%     30.81% |           0      0.00%     30.81% |       35388      9.06%     39.87% |       32921      8.43%     48.30% |       31672      8.11%     56.40% |       33830      8.66%     65.06% |       34466      8.82%     73.89% |       30408      7.78%     81.67% |       35930      9.20%     90.87% |       35682      9.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       390671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3344272     92.86%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |       35745      0.99%     93.85% |       29788      0.83%     94.68% |       27427      0.76%     95.44% |       30433      0.85%     96.28% |       30069      0.83%     97.12% |       24552      0.68%     97.80% |       41908      1.16%     98.96% |       37287      1.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3601481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35525    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2257     85.01%     85.01% |          16      0.60%     85.61% |          31      1.17%     86.78% |          53      2.00%     88.78% |          33      1.24%     90.02% |          77      2.90%     92.92% |          49      1.85%     94.76% |          78      2.94%     97.70% |          19      0.72%     98.42% |          42      1.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2655                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      152390      9.90%      9.90% |           0      0.00%      9.90% |      179700     11.67%     21.57% |      168950     10.97%     32.54% |      161764     10.51%     43.04% |      170952     11.10%     54.15% |      169057     10.98%     65.13% |      151579      9.84%     74.97% |      197793     12.85%     87.82% |      187610     12.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1539795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7819     12.79%     12.79% |        7588     12.41%     25.20% |        7107     11.62%     36.82% |        7940     12.99%     49.81% |        7561     12.37%     62.18% |        7351     12.02%     74.20% |        7756     12.69%     86.89% |        8017     13.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        61139                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2778749    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2778749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    14159432     98.87%     98.87% |           0      0.00%     98.87% |       22557      0.16%     99.03% |       18388      0.13%     99.16% |       16137      0.11%     99.27% |       19003      0.13%     99.40% |       18600      0.13%     99.53% |       14815      0.10%     99.63% |       27880      0.19%     99.83% |       24464      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14321276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         239     31.99%     31.99% |           0      0.00%     31.99% |          43      5.76%     37.75% |          85     11.38%     49.13% |          53      7.10%     56.22% |          94     12.58%     68.81% |          69      9.24%     78.05% |          82     10.98%     89.02% |          20      2.68%     91.70% |          62      8.30%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          747                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534271     50.14%     50.14% |           0      0.00%     50.14% |       68363      6.42%     56.56% |       65440      6.14%     62.70% |       63589      5.97%     68.67% |       66029      6.20%     74.86% |       65785      6.17%     81.04% |       59941      5.63%     86.66% |       72258      6.78%     93.44% |       69867      6.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1065543                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3138     12.35%     12.35% |        3175     12.50%     24.85% |        3051     12.01%     36.86% |        3331     13.11%     49.97% |        3307     13.02%     62.99% |        3085     12.14%     75.13% |        3094     12.18%     87.31% |        3223     12.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        25404                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      1.77%      1.77% |           0      0.00%      1.77% |         553      8.21%      9.98% |         968     14.38%     24.36% |         589      8.75%     33.11% |        1963     29.16%     62.27% |         466      6.92%     69.19% |         742     11.02%     80.21% |         813     12.08%     92.29% |         519      7.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total         6732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      190254     11.60%     11.60% |          16      0.00%     11.60% |      187731     11.44%     23.04% |      176759     10.77%     33.81% |      169111     10.31%     44.12% |      179148     10.92%     55.04% |      176867     10.78%     65.82% |      159176      9.70%     75.52% |      205725     12.54%     88.06% |      195849     11.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1640636                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        7798     12.67%     12.68% |        7476     12.15%     24.83% |        7473     12.15%     36.98% |        7410     12.04%     49.02% |        7749     12.60%     61.61% |        6602     10.73%     72.35% |        8673     14.10%     86.44% |        8341     13.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        61524                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123891     45.48%     45.48% |           0      0.00%     45.48% |       19874      7.30%     52.78% |       17984      6.60%     59.38% |       17170      6.30%     65.68% |       18602      6.83%     72.51% |       19245      7.06%     79.57% |       16600      6.09%     85.67% |       19622      7.20%     92.87% |       19423      7.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       272411                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           8      0.34%      0.34% |           0      0.00%      0.34% |         155      6.62%      6.96% |         375     16.02%     22.98% |         190      8.12%     31.10% |         778     33.23%     64.33% |         195      8.33%     72.66% |         233      9.95%     82.61% |         258     11.02%     93.64% |         149      6.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         2341                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498973     47.17%     47.17% |           0      0.00%     47.17% |       71753      6.78%     53.95% |       68881      6.51%     60.46% |       66909      6.33%     66.79% |       69674      6.59%     73.38% |       69374      6.56%     79.93% |       63302      5.98%     85.92% |       75583      7.15%     93.06% |       73367      6.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1057816                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         984     35.49%     35.49% |           0      0.00%     35.49% |         200      7.21%     42.70% |         203      7.32%     50.02% |          81      2.92%     52.94% |         519     18.72%     71.66% |          90      3.25%     74.90% |          93      3.35%     78.25% |         391     14.10%     92.35% |         212      7.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         2773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         122      4.49%      4.49% |           0      0.00%      4.49% |         363     13.37%     17.86% |         294     10.83%     28.69% |         252      9.28%     37.97% |         355     13.08%     51.05% |         230      8.47%     59.52% |         155      5.71%     65.23% |         568     20.92%     86.15% |         376     13.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         2715                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1      3.70%      3.70% |           0      0.00%      3.70% |           3     11.11%     14.81% |           3     11.11%     25.93% |           4     14.81%     40.74% |           5     18.52%     59.26% |           3     11.11%     70.37% |           4     14.81%     85.19% |           1      3.70%     88.89% |           3     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.23%      3.23% |           4     12.90%     16.13% |           4     12.90%     29.03% |           5     16.13%     45.16% |           8     25.81%     70.97% |           2      6.45%     77.42% |           2      6.45%     83.87% |           5     16.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           31                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          35      9.14%      9.14% |          47     12.27%     21.41% |          33      8.62%     30.03% |          59     15.40%     45.43% |          44     11.49%     56.92% |          61     15.93%     72.85% |          47     12.27%     85.12% |          57     14.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      686660     26.36%     26.36% |           0      0.00%     26.36% |      248024      9.52%     35.88% |      234336      9.00%     44.88% |      225312      8.65%     53.53% |      236912      9.09%     62.62% |      234787      9.01%     71.64% |      211453      8.12%     79.75% |      270001     10.37%     90.12% |      257412      9.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2604897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1      0.23%      0.23% |           0      0.00%      0.23% |          39      8.84%      9.07% |          54     12.24%     21.32% |          41      9.30%     30.61% |          69     15.65%     46.26% |          55     12.47%     58.73% |          67     15.19%     73.92% |          50     11.34%     85.26% |          65     14.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          441                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3855      3.12%      3.12% |        3690      2.99%      6.11% |        3428      2.77%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.71% |        3477      2.81%     14.53% |        3972      3.22%     17.74% |        3700      3.00%     20.74% |        3309      2.68%     23.42% |        3509      2.84%     26.26% |        5107      4.13%     30.39% |        3873      3.14%     33.52% |        3792      3.07%     36.59% |        3481      2.82%     39.41% |        4384      3.55%     42.96% |        3832      3.10%     46.06% |        3778      3.06%     49.12% |        4112      3.33%     52.45% |        4148      3.36%     55.81% |        3654      2.96%     58.77% |        3334      2.70%     61.46% |        3068      2.48%     63.95% |        3734      3.02%     66.97% |        3514      2.84%     69.82% |        3355      2.72%     72.53% |        3600      2.91%     75.45% |        3720      3.01%     78.46% |        3238      2.62%     81.08% |        4609      3.73%     84.81% |        3982      3.22%     88.03% |        5237      4.24%     92.27% |        5108      4.13%     96.41% |        4440      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123535                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      117858      6.36%      6.36% |       56858      3.07%      9.43% |       55735      3.01%     12.44% |       56583      3.06%     15.50% |       55902      3.02%     18.52% |       55699      3.01%     21.53% |       55392      2.99%     24.52% |       55299      2.99%     27.50% |       55409      2.99%     30.50% |       55870      3.02%     33.51% |       57791      3.12%     36.63% |       56987      3.08%     39.71% |       56217      3.04%     42.75% |       55398      2.99%     45.74% |       54799      2.96%     48.70% |       54977      2.97%     51.67% |       56052      3.03%     54.69% |       55627      3.00%     57.70% |       55919      3.02%     60.72% |       56034      3.03%     63.74% |       56011      3.02%     66.77% |       57124      3.08%     69.85% |       56063      3.03%     72.88% |       55169      2.98%     75.86% |       55386      2.99%     78.85% |       55882      3.02%     81.87% |       55370      2.99%     84.86% |       55132      2.98%     87.83% |       55676      3.01%     90.84% |       55081      2.97%     93.82% |       55715      3.01%     96.82% |       58812      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1851827                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       41876      3.96%      3.96% |       32910      3.11%      7.07% |       32667      3.09%     10.16% |       32836      3.10%     13.26% |       32505      3.07%     16.33% |       32416      3.06%     19.40% |       32768      3.10%     22.50% |       32477      3.07%     25.57% |       32604      3.08%     28.65% |       33292      3.15%     31.80% |       32532      3.08%     34.87% |       32607      3.08%     37.95% |       32687      3.09%     41.04% |       32320      3.06%     44.10% |       32309      3.05%     47.15% |       32468      3.07%     50.22% |       32575      3.08%     53.30% |       32575      3.08%     56.38% |       32939      3.11%     59.49% |       32899      3.11%     62.60% |       32594      3.08%     65.68% |       33758      3.19%     68.88% |       32635      3.08%     71.96% |       32753      3.10%     75.06% |       32736      3.09%     78.15% |       32690      3.09%     81.24% |       32874      3.11%     84.35% |       32749      3.10%     87.45% |       32475      3.07%     90.52% |       32554      3.08%     93.59% |       34655      3.28%     96.87% |       33129      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1057864                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      150279      5.77%      5.77% |       80337      3.08%      8.85% |       78950      3.03%     11.88% |       79910      3.07%     14.95% |       78878      3.03%     17.97% |       78269      3.00%     20.98% |       78468      3.01%     23.99% |       78345      3.01%     27.00% |       78622      3.02%     30.01% |       79574      3.05%     33.07% |       80591      3.09%     36.16% |       79938      3.07%     39.23% |       79202      3.04%     42.27% |       78135      3.00%     45.27% |       77547      2.98%     48.24% |       77985      2.99%     51.24% |       79044      3.03%     54.27% |       78642      3.02%     57.29% |       79301      3.04%     60.33% |       79289      3.04%     63.37% |       79156      3.04%     66.41% |       81458      3.13%     69.54% |       79432      3.05%     72.59% |       78600      3.02%     75.60% |       78559      3.01%     78.62% |       79122      3.04%     81.65% |       78928      3.03%     84.68% |       78437      3.01%     87.69% |       78924      3.03%     90.72% |       78225      3.00%     93.72% |       80961      3.11%     96.83% |       82573      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2605681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4      4.76%      4.76% |           3      3.57%      8.33% |           2      2.38%     10.71% |           7      8.33%     19.05% |           1      1.19%     20.24% |           2      2.38%     22.62% |           2      2.38%     25.00% |           5      5.95%     30.95% |           5      5.95%     36.90% |           1      1.19%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           7      8.33%     46.43% |           1      1.19%     47.62% |           2      2.38%     50.00% |           1      1.19%     51.19% |           1      1.19%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4      4.76%     57.14% |           2      2.38%     59.52% |           4      4.76%     64.29% |           2      2.38%     66.67% |           3      3.57%     70.24% |           2      2.38%     72.62% |           4      4.76%     77.38% |           5      5.95%     83.33% |           7      8.33%     91.67% |           2      2.38%     94.05% |           0      0.00%     94.05% |           0      0.00%     94.05% |           5      5.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           84                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28187      4.02%      4.02% |       21679      3.09%      7.12% |       21692      3.10%     10.22% |       21689      3.10%     13.31% |       21655      3.09%     16.40% |       21680      3.09%     19.50% |       21672      3.09%     22.59% |       21677      3.09%     25.69% |       21697      3.10%     28.78% |       21697      3.10%     31.88% |       21711      3.10%     34.98% |       21695      3.10%     38.08% |       21665      3.09%     41.17% |       21679      3.09%     44.27% |       21666      3.09%     47.36% |       21679      3.09%     50.45% |       21703      3.10%     53.55% |       21686      3.10%     56.65% |       21693      3.10%     59.74% |       21692      3.10%     62.84% |       21679      3.09%     65.94% |       21705      3.10%     69.03% |       21699      3.10%     72.13% |       21698      3.10%     75.23% |       21711      3.10%     78.33% |       21700      3.10%     81.43% |       21695      3.10%     84.52% |       21682      3.10%     87.62% |       21691      3.10%     90.72% |       21682      3.10%     93.81% |       21676      3.09%     96.91% |       21676      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700488                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17822      3.15%      3.15% |       17717      3.13%      6.28% |       17701      3.13%      9.41% |       17685      3.12%     12.53% |       17687      3.12%     15.66% |       17613      3.11%     18.77% |       17660      3.12%     21.89% |       17706      3.13%     25.02% |       17665      3.12%     28.14% |       17718      3.13%     31.27% |       17734      3.13%     34.40% |       17675      3.12%     37.52% |       17708      3.13%     40.65% |       17697      3.13%     43.78% |       17718      3.13%     46.91% |       17664      3.12%     50.03% |       17634      3.12%     53.15% |       17701      3.13%     56.27% |       17697      3.13%     59.40% |       17644      3.12%     62.52% |       17672      3.12%     65.64% |       17729      3.13%     68.77% |       17690      3.13%     71.90% |       17635      3.12%     75.01% |       17656      3.12%     78.13% |       17734      3.13%     81.26% |       17740      3.13%     84.40% |       17616      3.11%     87.51% |       17687      3.12%     90.64% |       17681      3.12%     93.76% |       17669      3.12%     96.88% |       17650      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       566005                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47120      3.62%      3.62% |       40444      3.11%      6.74% |       40439      3.11%      9.85% |       40420      3.11%     12.96% |       40386      3.11%     16.06% |       40338      3.10%     19.16% |       40378      3.11%     22.27% |       40429      3.11%     25.38% |       40408      3.11%     28.49% |       40462      3.11%     31.60% |       40490      3.11%     34.72% |       40415      3.11%     37.82% |       40418      3.11%     40.93% |       40421      3.11%     44.04% |       40429      3.11%     47.15% |       40388      3.11%     50.26% |       40382      3.11%     53.37% |       40433      3.11%     56.48% |       40436      3.11%     59.59% |       40382      3.11%     62.69% |       40397      3.11%     65.80% |       40481      3.11%     68.91% |       40434      3.11%     72.02% |       40378      3.11%     75.13% |       40413      3.11%     78.24% |       40481      3.11%     81.35% |       40481      3.11%     84.47% |       40342      3.10%     87.57% |       40423      3.11%     90.68% |       40409      3.11%     93.79% |       40391      3.11%     96.89% |       40373      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1300021                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46096      3.64%      3.64% |       39420      3.11%      6.75% |       39415      3.11%      9.86% |       39396      3.11%     12.97% |       39362      3.11%     16.07% |       39314      3.10%     19.18% |       39354      3.11%     22.28% |       39405      3.11%     25.39% |       39384      3.11%     28.50% |       39438      3.11%     31.61% |       39466      3.11%     34.72% |       39391      3.11%     37.83% |       39394      3.11%     40.94% |       39397      3.11%     44.05% |       39405      3.11%     47.16% |       39364      3.11%     50.27% |       39358      3.11%     53.37% |       39409      3.11%     56.48% |       39412      3.11%     59.59% |       39358      3.11%     62.70% |       39373      3.11%     65.80% |       39457      3.11%     68.92% |       39410      3.11%     72.03% |       39354      3.11%     75.13% |       39389      3.11%     78.24% |       39457      3.11%     81.36% |       39457      3.11%     84.47% |       39318      3.10%     87.57% |       39399      3.11%     90.68% |       39385      3.11%     93.79% |       39367      3.11%     96.89% |       39349      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1267253                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          69      8.98%      8.98% |          23      2.99%     11.98% |          33      4.30%     16.28% |          18      2.34%     18.62% |          23      2.99%     21.61% |          15      1.95%     23.57% |          20      2.60%     26.17% |           9      1.17%     27.34% |          16      2.08%     29.43% |          10      1.30%     30.73% |          30      3.91%     34.64% |          14      1.82%     36.46% |          21      2.73%     39.19% |          17      2.21%     41.41% |          18      2.34%     43.75% |          11      1.43%     45.18% |          16      2.08%     47.27% |          18      2.34%     49.61% |          26      3.39%     52.99% |          25      3.26%     56.25% |          45      5.86%     62.11% |          53      6.90%     69.01% |          25      3.26%     72.27% |          13      1.69%     73.96% |          27      3.52%     77.47% |          29      3.78%     81.25% |          37      4.82%     86.07% |          20      2.60%     88.67% |          25      3.26%     91.93% |          19      2.47%     94.40% |          29      3.78%     98.18% |          14      1.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          768                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1892      3.07%      3.07% |        1880      3.06%      6.13% |        1922      3.12%      9.25% |        1906      3.10%     12.35% |        1900      3.09%     15.44% |        1950      3.17%     18.61% |        1960      3.19%     21.79% |        1883      3.06%     24.85% |        1908      3.10%     27.96% |        1914      3.11%     31.07% |        1942      3.16%     34.22% |        1942      3.16%     37.38% |        1973      3.21%     40.59% |        1944      3.16%     43.74% |        1963      3.19%     46.93% |        1939      3.15%     50.09% |        1955      3.18%     53.26% |        1929      3.14%     56.40% |        1937      3.15%     59.55% |        1964      3.19%     62.74% |        1950      3.17%     65.91% |        1899      3.09%     68.99% |        1927      3.13%     72.13% |        1919      3.12%     75.24% |        1938      3.15%     78.39% |        1911      3.11%     81.50% |        1895      3.08%     84.58% |        1907      3.10%     87.68% |        1881      3.06%     90.74% |        1908      3.10%     93.84% |        1911      3.11%     96.94% |        1881      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        61530                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2723      3.16%      3.16% |        2758      3.21%      6.37% |        2730      3.17%      9.54% |        2772      3.22%     12.76% |        2715      3.16%     15.92% |        2817      3.27%     19.19% |        2728      3.17%     22.36% |        2686      3.12%     25.48% |        2661      3.09%     28.58% |        2725      3.17%     31.74% |        2681      3.12%     34.86% |        2663      3.09%     37.95% |        2670      3.10%     41.06% |        2674      3.11%     44.16% |        2643      3.07%     47.24% |        2602      3.02%     50.26% |        2640      3.07%     53.33% |        2638      3.07%     56.39% |        2609      3.03%     59.43% |        2648      3.08%     62.50% |        2617      3.04%     65.54% |        2617      3.04%     68.59% |        2628      3.05%     71.64% |        2675      3.11%     74.75% |        2703      3.14%     77.89% |        2711      3.15%     81.04% |        2701      3.14%     84.18% |        2739      3.18%     87.36% |        2639      3.07%     90.43% |        2759      3.21%     93.64% |        2729      3.17%     96.81% |        2748      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        86049                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2435      3.18%      3.18% |        2345      3.06%      6.24% |        2383      3.11%      9.35% |        2377      3.10%     12.45% |        2360      3.08%     15.53% |        2395      3.13%     18.66% |        2414      3.15%     21.81% |        2404      3.14%     24.95% |        2393      3.12%     28.07% |        2368      3.09%     31.17% |        2418      3.16%     34.32% |        2400      3.13%     37.46% |        2453      3.20%     40.66% |        2408      3.14%     43.80% |        2421      3.16%     46.96% |        2385      3.11%     50.08% |        2425      3.17%     53.24% |        2402      3.14%     56.38% |        2387      3.12%     59.49% |        2373      3.10%     62.59% |        2353      3.07%     65.66% |        2394      3.13%     68.79% |        2360      3.08%     71.87% |        2335      3.05%     74.92% |        2421      3.16%     78.08% |        2434      3.18%     81.26% |        2402      3.14%     84.39% |        2362      3.08%     87.47% |        2367      3.09%     90.56% |        2417      3.16%     93.72% |        2431      3.17%     96.89% |        2380      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        76602                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1892      3.08%      3.08% |        1880      3.06%      6.13% |        1921      3.12%      9.25% |        1906      3.10%     12.35% |        1899      3.09%     15.44% |        1950      3.17%     18.61% |        1960      3.19%     21.79% |        1883      3.06%     24.85% |        1907      3.10%     27.95% |        1913      3.11%     31.06% |        1942      3.16%     34.22% |        1942      3.16%     37.38% |        1973      3.21%     40.58% |        1944      3.16%     43.74% |        1963      3.19%     46.93% |        1939      3.15%     50.08% |        1955      3.18%     53.26% |        1929      3.14%     56.40% |        1936      3.15%     59.54% |        1963      3.19%     62.73% |        1950      3.17%     65.90% |        1899      3.09%     68.99% |        1927      3.13%     72.12% |        1919      3.12%     75.24% |        1938      3.15%     78.39% |        1913      3.11%     81.50% |        1894      3.08%     84.58% |        1907      3.10%     87.68% |        1881      3.06%     90.74% |        1908      3.10%     93.84% |        1910      3.10%     96.94% |        1881      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        61524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      153258      5.68%      5.68% |       83193      3.08%      8.76% |       81859      3.03%     11.80% |       82791      3.07%     14.86% |       81734      3.03%     17.89% |       81169      3.01%     20.90% |       81384      3.02%     23.92% |       81222      3.01%     26.93% |       81535      3.02%     29.95% |       82472      3.06%     33.00% |       83529      3.10%     36.10% |       82854      3.07%     39.17% |       82149      3.04%     42.21% |       81009      3.00%     45.22% |       80453      2.98%     48.20% |       80919      3.00%     51.20% |       81985      3.04%     54.23% |       81550      3.02%     57.26% |       82170      3.05%     60.30% |       82229      3.05%     63.35% |       82053      3.04%     66.39% |       84390      3.13%     69.52% |       82323      3.05%     72.57% |       81481      3.02%     75.59% |       81508      3.02%     78.61% |       82018      3.04%     81.65% |       81768      3.03%     84.68% |       81307      3.01%     87.69% |       81778      3.03%     90.72% |       81093      3.01%     93.73% |       83839      3.11%     96.83% |       85451      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2698473                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         470      3.24%      3.24% |         417      2.88%      6.12% |         425      2.93%      9.05% |         421      2.90%     11.95% |         432      2.98%     14.93% |         408      2.81%     17.75% |         430      2.97%     20.71% |         476      3.28%     24.00% |         447      3.08%     27.08% |         432      2.98%     30.06% |         459      3.17%     33.23% |         460      3.17%     36.40% |         488      3.37%     39.76% |         470      3.24%     43.01% |         480      3.31%     46.32% |         468      3.23%     49.54% |         480      3.31%     52.86% |         484      3.34%     56.19% |         481      3.32%     59.51% |         450      3.10%     62.62% |         436      3.01%     65.62% |         463      3.19%     68.82% |         426      2.94%     71.75% |         427      2.95%     74.70% |         475      3.28%     77.98% |         497      3.43%     81.40% |         475      3.28%     84.68% |         429      2.96%     87.64% |         449      3.10%     90.74% |         462      3.19%     93.92% |         456      3.15%     97.07% |         425      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14498                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24655      4.23%      4.23% |       18081      3.10%      7.33% |       18068      3.10%     10.43% |       18043      3.09%     13.52% |       18014      3.09%     16.61% |       17980      3.08%     19.70% |       17997      3.09%     22.78% |       18010      3.09%     25.87% |       18007      3.09%     28.96% |       18076      3.10%     32.06% |       18093      3.10%     35.16% |       17992      3.09%     38.25% |       17983      3.08%     41.33% |       18008      3.09%     44.42% |       18008      3.09%     47.51% |       17979      3.08%     50.59% |       17952      3.08%     53.67% |       17993      3.09%     56.76% |       18001      3.09%     59.85% |       17982      3.08%     62.93% |       17989      3.09%     66.02% |       18032      3.09%     69.11% |       18065      3.10%     72.21% |       18001      3.09%     75.29% |       17978      3.08%     78.38% |       18034      3.09%     81.47% |       18046      3.10%     84.56% |       17972      3.08%     87.65% |       18031      3.09%     90.74% |       18002      3.09%     93.83% |       17981      3.08%     96.91% |       18011      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       583064                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.62% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702461                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           1      3.85%     11.54% |           0      0.00%     11.54% |           3     11.54%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           1      3.85%     26.92% |           1      3.85%     30.77% |           1      3.85%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           0      0.00%     34.62% |           3     11.54%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           2      7.69%     53.85% |           1      3.85%     57.69% |           1      3.85%     61.54% |           1      3.85%     65.38% |           1      3.85%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           1      3.85%     73.08% |           2      7.69%     80.77% |           3     11.54%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4545      3.08%      3.08% |        4665      3.16%      6.25% |        4565      3.10%      9.34% |        4662      3.16%     12.50% |        4715      3.20%     15.70% |        4917      3.33%     19.04% |        4731      3.21%     22.25% |        4563      3.09%     25.34% |        4462      3.03%     28.37% |        4685      3.18%     31.54% |        4721      3.20%     34.75% |        4706      3.19%     37.94% |        4690      3.18%     41.12% |        4667      3.17%     44.28% |        4622      3.13%     47.42% |        4489      3.04%     50.46% |        4598      3.12%     53.58% |        4629      3.14%     56.72% |        4653      3.16%     59.88% |        4673      3.17%     63.05% |        4528      3.07%     66.12% |        4454      3.02%     69.14% |        4398      2.98%     72.12% |        4494      3.05%     75.17% |        4643      3.15%     78.32% |        4594      3.12%     81.43% |        4517      3.06%     84.50% |        4625      3.14%     87.63% |        4483      3.04%     90.68% |        4605      3.12%     93.80% |        4582      3.11%     96.91% |        4562      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       147443                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           7      1.89%      1.89% |           9      2.43%      4.31% |           5      1.35%      5.66% |           8      2.16%      7.82% |           7      1.89%      9.70% |          12      3.23%     12.94% |          13      3.50%     16.44% |           6      1.62%     18.06% |          12      3.23%     21.29% |          11      2.96%     24.26% |           6      1.62%     25.88% |          15      4.04%     29.92% |           9      2.43%     32.35% |          17      4.58%     36.93% |          17      4.58%     41.51% |          12      3.23%     44.74% |          10      2.70%     47.44% |          10      2.70%     50.13% |          12      3.23%     53.37% |           8      2.16%     55.53% |          21      5.66%     61.19% |          15      4.04%     65.23% |          16      4.31%     69.54% |          18      4.85%     74.39% |          11      2.96%     77.36% |          13      3.50%     80.86% |          21      5.66%     86.52% |          11      2.96%     89.49% |           8      2.16%     91.64% |          12      3.23%     94.88% |          10      2.70%     97.57% |           9      2.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          371                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2342      3.17%      3.17% |        2267      3.07%      6.23% |        2310      3.12%      9.36% |        2304      3.12%     12.48% |        2296      3.11%     15.58% |        2313      3.13%     18.71% |        2343      3.17%     21.88% |        2322      3.14%     25.02% |        2314      3.13%     28.15% |        2283      3.09%     31.24% |        2317      3.13%     34.37% |        2314      3.13%     37.50% |        2375      3.21%     40.71% |        2312      3.13%     43.84% |        2337      3.16%     47.00% |        2297      3.11%     50.11% |        2346      3.17%     53.28% |        2316      3.13%     56.42% |        2312      3.13%     59.54% |        2294      3.10%     62.65% |        2284      3.09%     65.74% |        2269      3.07%     68.81% |        2266      3.07%     71.87% |        2260      3.06%     74.93% |        2341      3.17%     78.09% |        2350      3.18%     81.27% |        2318      3.14%     84.41% |        2281      3.09%     87.49% |        2282      3.09%     90.58% |        2338      3.16%     93.74% |        2341      3.17%     96.91% |        2285      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        73929                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       86739      8.20%      8.20% |       32214      3.04%     11.24% |       31139      2.94%     14.18% |       31935      3.02%     17.20% |       31239      2.95%     20.15% |       30800      2.91%     23.06% |       30651      2.90%     25.96% |       30780      2.91%     28.87% |       30971      2.93%     31.79% |       31143      2.94%     34.74% |       32941      3.11%     37.85% |       32293      3.05%     40.90% |       31516      2.98%     43.88% |       30717      2.90%     46.78% |       30157      2.85%     49.63% |       30509      2.88%     52.51% |       31498      2.98%     55.49% |       31019      2.93%     58.42% |       31258      2.95%     61.37% |       31369      2.96%     64.34% |       31514      2.98%     67.31% |       32637      3.08%     70.40% |       31632      2.99%     73.39% |       30732      2.90%     76.29% |       30799      2.91%     79.20% |       31304      2.96%     82.16% |       30864      2.92%     85.08% |       30593      2.89%     87.97% |       31272      2.95%     90.92% |       30543      2.89%     93.81% |       31214      2.95%     96.76% |       34327      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1058319                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       19055      5.78%      5.78% |       10180      3.09%      8.86% |        9945      3.01%     11.88% |       10087      3.06%     14.93% |        9784      2.97%     17.90% |        9685      2.94%     20.84% |       10014      3.04%     23.87% |        9725      2.95%     26.82% |        9820      2.98%     29.80% |       10528      3.19%     32.99% |        9826      2.98%     35.97% |        9847      2.98%     38.95% |        9941      3.01%     41.96% |        9609      2.91%     44.88% |        9577      2.90%     47.78% |        9700      2.94%     50.72% |        9805      2.97%     53.69% |        9816      2.98%     56.67% |       10227      3.10%     59.77% |       10152      3.08%     62.85% |        9811      2.97%     65.82% |       10942      3.32%     69.14% |        9896      3.00%     72.14% |        9983      3.03%     75.16% |        9945      3.01%     78.18% |        9935      3.01%     81.19% |       10154      3.08%     84.27% |       10024      3.04%     87.30% |        9751      2.96%     90.26% |        9817      2.98%     93.24% |       11926      3.62%     96.85% |       10388      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       329895                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28175      4.02%      4.02% |       21656      3.09%      7.12% |       21670      3.10%     10.21% |       21677      3.10%     13.31% |       21647      3.09%     16.40% |       21665      3.09%     19.50% |       21656      3.09%     22.59% |       21674      3.10%     25.69% |       21686      3.10%     28.78% |       21690      3.10%     31.88% |       21686      3.10%     34.98% |       21686      3.10%     38.08% |       21653      3.09%     41.17% |       21669      3.10%     44.27% |       21657      3.09%     47.36% |       21671      3.10%     50.46% |       21695      3.10%     53.56% |       21678      3.10%     56.65% |       21676      3.10%     59.75% |       21676      3.10%     62.84% |       21661      3.09%     65.94% |       21685      3.10%     69.04% |       21681      3.10%     72.13% |       21692      3.10%     75.23% |       21690      3.10%     78.33% |       21681      3.10%     81.43% |       21674      3.10%     84.52% |       21671      3.10%     87.62% |       21676      3.10%     90.72% |       21670      3.10%     93.81% |       21659      3.09%     96.91% |       21663      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       700046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15384      3.15%      3.15% |       15372      3.14%      6.29% |       15306      3.13%      9.42% |       15302      3.13%     12.55% |       15311      3.13%     15.68% |       15218      3.11%     18.79% |       15242      3.12%     21.90% |       15296      3.13%     25.03% |       15266      3.12%     28.15% |       15346      3.14%     31.29% |       15311      3.13%     34.42% |       15270      3.12%     37.54% |       15246      3.12%     40.66% |       15282      3.12%     43.78% |       15288      3.13%     46.91% |       15276      3.12%     50.03% |       15201      3.11%     53.14% |       15289      3.13%     56.26% |       15300      3.13%     59.39% |       15261      3.12%     62.51% |       15292      3.13%     65.64% |       15302      3.13%     68.77% |       15323      3.13%     71.90% |       15293      3.13%     75.03% |       15229      3.11%     78.14% |       15292      3.13%     81.27% |       15321      3.13%     84.40% |       15245      3.12%     87.52% |       15310      3.13%     90.65% |       15257      3.12%     93.77% |       15225      3.11%     96.88% |       15269      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       489125                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1892      3.08%      3.08% |        1880      3.06%      6.13% |        1921      3.12%      9.25% |        1906      3.10%     12.35% |        1899      3.09%     15.44% |        1950      3.17%     18.61% |        1960      3.19%     21.79% |        1883      3.06%     24.85% |        1907      3.10%     27.95% |        1913      3.11%     31.06% |        1942      3.16%     34.22% |        1942      3.16%     37.38% |        1973      3.21%     40.58% |        1944      3.16%     43.74% |        1963      3.19%     46.93% |        1939      3.15%     50.08% |        1955      3.18%     53.26% |        1929      3.14%     56.40% |        1936      3.15%     59.54% |        1963      3.19%     62.73% |        1950      3.17%     65.90% |        1899      3.09%     68.99% |        1927      3.13%     72.12% |        1919      3.12%     75.24% |        1938      3.15%     78.39% |        1913      3.11%     81.50% |        1894      3.08%     84.58% |        1907      3.10%     87.68% |        1881      3.06%     90.74% |        1908      3.10%     93.84% |        1910      3.10%     96.94% |        1881      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        61524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         825      3.24%      3.24% |         780      3.07%      6.31% |         774      3.04%      9.35% |         789      3.10%     12.46% |         780      3.07%     15.52% |         781      3.07%     18.59% |         803      3.16%     21.75% |         809      3.18%     24.93% |         830      3.26%     28.19% |         809      3.18%     31.37% |         767      3.02%     34.39% |         797      3.13%     37.52% |         795      3.13%     40.65% |         768      3.02%     43.67% |         791      3.11%     46.78% |         827      3.25%     50.03% |         820      3.22%     53.25% |         803      3.16%     56.41% |         753      2.96%     59.37% |         797      3.13%     62.50% |         784      3.08%     65.59% |         809      3.18%     68.77% |         795      3.13%     71.89% |         820      3.22%     75.12% |         830      3.26%     78.38% |         805      3.16%     81.55% |         759      2.98%     84.53% |         783      3.08%     87.61% |         781      3.07%     90.68% |         792      3.11%     93.79% |         775      3.05%     96.84% |         804      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        25435                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      150260      5.77%      5.77% |       80318      3.08%      8.85% |       78937      3.03%     11.88% |       79892      3.07%     14.95% |       78862      3.03%     17.98% |       78245      3.00%     20.98% |       78441      3.01%     23.99% |       78335      3.01%     27.00% |       78594      3.02%     30.02% |       79548      3.05%     33.07% |       80577      3.09%     36.16% |       79905      3.07%     39.23% |       79183      3.04%     42.27% |       78102      3.00%     45.27% |       77509      2.98%     48.24% |       77960      2.99%     51.24% |       79019      3.03%     54.27% |       78620      3.02%     57.29% |       79277      3.04%     60.33% |       79271      3.04%     63.38% |       79117      3.04%     66.41% |       81429      3.13%     69.54% |       79397      3.05%     72.59% |       78563      3.02%     75.60% |       78535      3.01%     78.62% |       79096      3.04%     81.65% |       78887      3.03%     84.68% |       78414      3.01%     87.69% |       78907      3.03%     90.72% |       78202      3.00%     93.72% |       80939      3.11%     96.83% |       82556      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2604897                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.23%      3.23% |           2      6.45%      9.68% |           1      3.23%     12.90% |           1      3.23%     16.13% |           1      3.23%     19.35% |           0      0.00%     19.35% |           3      9.68%     29.03% |           3      9.68%     38.71% |           1      3.23%     41.94% |           0      0.00%     41.94% |           1      3.23%     45.16% |           1      3.23%     48.39% |           2      6.45%     54.84% |           1      3.23%     58.06% |           1      3.23%     61.29% |           0      0.00%     61.29% |           0      0.00%     61.29% |           0      0.00%     61.29% |           2      6.45%     67.74% |           0      0.00%     67.74% |           1      3.23%     70.97% |           2      6.45%     77.42% |           2      6.45%     83.87% |           1      3.23%     87.10% |           1      3.23%     90.32% |           0      0.00%     90.32% |           0      0.00%     90.32% |           0      0.00%     90.32% |           3      9.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          12      2.83%      2.83% |          21      4.95%      7.78% |          21      4.95%     12.74% |          11      2.59%     15.33% |           7      1.65%     16.98% |          13      3.07%     20.05% |          15      3.54%     23.58% |           3      0.71%     24.29% |          11      2.59%     26.89% |           6      1.42%     28.30% |          24      5.66%     33.96% |           9      2.12%     36.08% |          11      2.59%     38.68% |          10      2.36%     41.04% |           8      1.89%     42.92% |           8      1.89%     44.81% |           8      1.89%     46.70% |           8      1.89%     48.58% |          16      3.77%     52.36% |          16      3.77%     56.13% |          18      4.25%     60.38% |          20      4.72%     65.09% |          18      4.25%     69.34% |           6      1.42%     70.75% |          20      4.72%     75.47% |          16      3.77%     79.25% |          21      4.95%     84.20% |          11      2.59%     86.79% |          15      3.54%     90.33% |          12      2.83%     93.16% |          17      4.01%     97.17% |          12      2.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          424                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          96      3.25%      3.25% |          78      2.64%      5.90% |          85      2.88%      8.78% |          79      2.68%     11.45% |          80      2.71%     14.16% |          82      2.78%     16.94% |          75      2.54%     19.48% |          88      2.98%     22.47% |          85      2.88%     25.35% |          89      3.02%     28.36% |         106      3.59%     31.96% |          91      3.08%     35.04% |          87      2.95%     37.99% |         103      3.49%     41.48% |          93      3.15%     44.63% |          91      3.08%     47.71% |          87      2.95%     50.66% |          96      3.25%     53.91% |          85      2.88%     56.79% |          89      3.02%     59.81% |          96      3.25%     63.06% |         158      5.35%     68.42% |         101      3.42%     71.84% |          82      2.78%     74.62% |          86      2.91%     77.53% |          92      3.12%     80.65% |         101      3.42%     84.07% |          90      3.05%     87.12% |          95      3.22%     90.34% |          86      2.91%     93.26% |         103      3.49%     96.75% |          96      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2951                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     35.71%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |           0      0.00%     35.71% |          10     17.86%     53.57% |          12     21.43%     75.00% |          14     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.97%      0.97% |           0      0.00%      0.97% |           0      0.00%      0.97% |           0      0.00%      0.97% |           0      0.00%      0.97% |           0      0.00%      0.97% |           0      0.00%      0.97% |           0      0.00%      0.97% |          26     25.24%     26.21% |           2      1.94%     28.16% |           0      0.00%     28.16% |           0      0.00%     28.16% |           0      0.00%     28.16% |           1      0.97%     29.13% |           1      0.97%     30.10% |           0      0.00%     30.10% |           2      1.94%     32.04% |           2      1.94%     33.98% |           0      0.00%     33.98% |          54     52.43%     86.41% |          10      9.71%     96.12% |           0      0.00%     96.12% |           1      0.97%     97.09% |           1      0.97%     98.06% |           2      1.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     95.24%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46096      3.64%      3.64% |       39420      3.11%      6.75% |       39415      3.11%      9.86% |       39396      3.11%     12.97% |       39362      3.11%     16.07% |       39314      3.10%     19.18% |       39354      3.11%     22.28% |       39405      3.11%     25.39% |       39384      3.11%     28.50% |       39438      3.11%     31.61% |       39466      3.11%     34.72% |       39391      3.11%     37.83% |       39394      3.11%     40.94% |       39397      3.11%     44.05% |       39405      3.11%     47.16% |       39364      3.11%     50.27% |       39358      3.11%     53.37% |       39409      3.11%     56.48% |       39412      3.11%     59.59% |       39358      3.11%     62.70% |       39373      3.11%     65.80% |       39457      3.11%     68.92% |       39410      3.11%     72.03% |       39354      3.11%     75.13% |       39389      3.11%     78.24% |       39457      3.11%     81.36% |       39457      3.11%     84.47% |       39318      3.10%     87.57% |       39399      3.11%     90.68% |       39385      3.11%     93.79% |       39367      3.11%     96.89% |       39349      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1267253                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          63     14.42%     14.42% |          19      4.35%     18.76% |          20      4.58%     23.34% |          10      2.29%     25.63% |           6      1.37%     27.00% |          11      2.52%     29.52% |          14      3.20%     32.72% |           2      0.46%     33.18% |           9      2.06%     35.24% |           5      1.14%     36.38% |          21      4.81%     41.19% |           9      2.06%     43.25% |          11      2.52%     45.77% |          10      2.29%     48.05% |           8      1.83%     49.89% |           8      1.83%     51.72% |           8      1.83%     53.55% |           7      1.60%     55.15% |          15      3.43%     58.58% |          16      3.66%     62.24% |          17      3.89%     66.13% |          16      3.66%     69.79% |          15      3.43%     73.23% |           6      1.37%     74.60% |          19      4.35%     78.95% |          15      3.43%     82.38% |          20      4.58%     86.96% |           9      2.06%     89.02% |          12      2.75%     91.76% |          10      2.29%     94.05% |          16      3.66%     97.71% |          10      2.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          437                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.32%      7.32% |           2      4.88%     12.20% |           1      2.44%     14.63% |           1      2.44%     17.07% |           1      2.44%     19.51% |           2      4.88%     24.39% |           1      2.44%     26.83% |           1      2.44%     29.27% |           2      4.88%     34.15% |           1      2.44%     36.59% |           3      7.32%     43.90% |           0      0.00%     43.90% |           0      0.00%     43.90% |           0      0.00%     43.90% |           0      0.00%     43.90% |           0      0.00%     43.90% |           0      0.00%     43.90% |           1      2.44%     46.34% |           1      2.44%     48.78% |           0      0.00%     48.78% |           1      2.44%     51.22% |           4      9.76%     60.98% |           3      7.32%     68.29% |           0      0.00%     68.29% |           1      2.44%     70.73% |           1      2.44%     73.17% |           1      2.44%     75.61% |           2      4.88%     80.49% |           3      7.32%     87.80% |           2      4.88%     92.68% |           1      2.44%     95.12% |           2      4.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           41                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |          11     91.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     26.92%     26.92% |          19     73.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           2     11.11%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           1      5.56%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           3     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           2     11.11%     72.22% |           3     16.67%     88.89% |           1      5.56%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           6      1.82%      1.82% |           4      1.22%      3.04% |          13      3.95%      6.99% |           8      2.43%      9.42% |          17      5.17%     14.59% |           4      1.22%     15.81% |           6      1.82%     17.63% |           7      2.13%     19.76% |           7      2.13%     21.88% |           5      1.52%     23.40% |           9      2.74%     26.14% |           5      1.52%     27.66% |          10      3.04%     30.70% |           7      2.13%     32.83% |          10      3.04%     35.87% |           3      0.91%     36.78% |           8      2.43%     39.21% |          11      3.34%     42.55% |          11      3.34%     45.90% |           9      2.74%     48.63% |          28      8.51%     57.14% |          37     11.25%     68.39% |          10      3.04%     71.43% |           7      2.13%     73.56% |           8      2.43%     75.99% |          12      3.65%     79.64% |          17      5.17%     84.80% |          11      3.34%     88.15% |          13      3.95%     92.10% |           9      2.74%     94.83% |          13      3.95%     98.78% |           4      1.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          329                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          90      3.44%      3.44% |          74      2.83%      6.27% |          71      2.72%      8.99% |          71      2.72%     11.71% |          62      2.37%     14.08% |          78      2.98%     17.06% |          69      2.64%     19.70% |          81      3.10%     22.80% |          77      2.95%     25.75% |          83      3.18%     28.92% |          97      3.71%     32.63% |          86      3.29%     35.92% |          77      2.95%     38.87% |          96      3.67%     42.54% |          83      3.18%     45.72% |          88      3.37%     49.08% |          79      3.02%     52.10% |          85      3.25%     55.36% |          73      2.79%     58.15% |          79      3.02%     61.17% |          68      2.60%     63.77% |         121      4.63%     68.40% |          91      3.48%     71.88% |          75      2.87%     74.75% |          78      2.98%     77.74% |          80      3.06%     80.80% |          83      3.18%     83.97% |          79      3.02%     86.99% |          82      3.14%     90.13% |          77      2.95%     93.08% |          89      3.40%     96.48% |          92      3.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2614                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2723      3.16%      3.16% |        2758      3.21%      6.37% |        2730      3.17%      9.54% |        2772      3.22%     12.76% |        2715      3.16%     15.92% |        2817      3.27%     19.19% |        2728      3.17%     22.36% |        2686      3.12%     25.48% |        2661      3.09%     28.58% |        2725      3.17%     31.74% |        2681      3.12%     34.86% |        2663      3.09%     37.95% |        2670      3.10%     41.06% |        2674      3.11%     44.17% |        2643      3.07%     47.24% |        2602      3.02%     50.26% |        2640      3.07%     53.33% |        2638      3.07%     56.39% |        2609      3.03%     59.43% |        2648      3.08%     62.50% |        2617      3.04%     65.55% |        2617      3.04%     68.59% |        2628      3.05%     71.64% |        2675      3.11%     74.75% |        2703      3.14%     77.89% |        2709      3.15%     81.04% |        2701      3.14%     84.18% |        2739      3.18%     87.36% |        2639      3.07%     90.43% |        2759      3.21%     93.63% |        2729      3.17%     96.81% |        2748      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        86047                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2342      3.17%      3.17% |        2267      3.07%      6.23% |        2310      3.12%      9.36% |        2304      3.12%     12.48% |        2296      3.11%     15.58% |        2313      3.13%     18.71% |        2343      3.17%     21.88% |        2322      3.14%     25.02% |        2314      3.13%     28.15% |        2283      3.09%     31.24% |        2317      3.13%     34.37% |        2314      3.13%     37.50% |        2375      3.21%     40.71% |        2312      3.13%     43.84% |        2337      3.16%     47.00% |        2297      3.11%     50.11% |        2346      3.17%     53.28% |        2316      3.13%     56.42% |        2312      3.13%     59.54% |        2294      3.10%     62.65% |        2284      3.09%     65.74% |        2269      3.07%     68.81% |        2266      3.07%     71.87% |        2260      3.06%     74.93% |        2341      3.17%     78.09% |        2350      3.18%     81.27% |        2318      3.14%     84.41% |        2281      3.09%     87.49% |        2282      3.09%     90.58% |        2338      3.16%     93.74% |        2341      3.17%     96.91% |        2285      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        73929                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          13      1.74%      1.74% |          12      1.61%      3.35% |          19      2.54%      5.89% |          24      3.21%      9.10% |          24      3.21%     12.32% |          27      3.61%     15.93% |          32      4.28%     20.21% |          45      6.02%     26.24% |          47      6.29%     32.53% |          39      5.22%     37.75% |          37      4.95%     42.70% |          38      5.09%     47.79% |          37      4.95%     52.74% |          36      4.82%     57.56% |          26      3.48%     61.04% |          37      4.95%     66.00% |          40      5.35%     71.35% |          37      4.95%     76.31% |          32      4.28%     80.59% |          23      3.08%     83.67% |          17      2.28%     85.94% |          16      2.14%     88.09% |           9      1.20%     89.29% |           5      0.67%     89.96% |           5      0.67%     90.63% |          10      1.34%     91.97% |          16      2.14%     94.11% |           8      1.07%     95.18% |           2      0.27%     95.45% |           6      0.80%     96.25% |          12      1.61%     97.86% |          16      2.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total          747                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24642      4.23%      4.23% |       18069      3.10%      7.33% |       18049      3.10%     10.43% |       18019      3.09%     13.53% |       17990      3.09%     16.62% |       17953      3.08%     19.70% |       17965      3.09%     22.79% |       17965      3.09%     25.87% |       17960      3.08%     28.96% |       18037      3.10%     32.05% |       18056      3.10%     35.15% |       17954      3.08%     38.24% |       17946      3.08%     41.32% |       17972      3.09%     44.40% |       17982      3.09%     47.49% |       17942      3.08%     50.57% |       17912      3.08%     53.65% |       17956      3.08%     56.73% |       17969      3.09%     59.82% |       17959      3.08%     62.90% |       17972      3.09%     65.99% |       18016      3.09%     69.08% |       18056      3.10%     72.18% |       17996      3.09%     75.27% |       17973      3.09%     78.36% |       18024      3.10%     81.46% |       18030      3.10%     84.55% |       17964      3.08%     87.64% |       18029      3.10%     90.73% |       17996      3.09%     93.82% |       17969      3.09%     96.91% |       17995      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       582317                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         483      3.17%      3.17% |         429      2.81%      5.98% |         444      2.91%      8.90% |         445      2.92%     11.82% |         456      2.99%     14.81% |         435      2.85%     17.66% |         462      3.03%     20.69% |         521      3.42%     24.11% |         494      3.24%     27.35% |         471      3.09%     30.44% |         496      3.25%     33.69% |         498      3.27%     36.96% |         525      3.44%     40.41% |         506      3.32%     43.72% |         506      3.32%     47.04% |         505      3.31%     50.36% |         520      3.41%     53.77% |         521      3.42%     57.19% |         513      3.37%     60.55% |         473      3.10%     63.66% |         453      2.97%     66.63% |         479      3.14%     69.77% |         434      2.85%     72.62% |         432      2.83%     75.45% |         480      3.15%     78.60% |         507      3.33%     81.93% |         491      3.22%     85.15% |         436      2.86%     88.01% |         451      2.96%     90.97% |         468      3.07%     94.04% |         468      3.07%     97.11% |         441      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15243                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.62% |       21986      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702461                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          13      2.14%      2.14% |           6      0.99%      3.12% |          22      3.62%      6.74% |          13      2.14%      8.88% |          11      1.81%     10.69% |          24      3.95%     14.64% |          21      3.45%     18.09% |          18      2.96%     21.05% |          15      2.47%     23.52% |          14      2.30%     25.82% |          30      4.93%     30.76% |          14      2.30%     33.06% |          18      2.96%     36.02% |          25      4.11%     40.13% |          23      3.78%     43.91% |          23      3.78%     47.70% |           8      1.32%     49.01% |          19      3.12%     52.14% |          36      5.92%     58.06% |          22      3.62%     61.68% |          13      2.14%     63.82% |          21      3.45%     67.27% |          22      3.62%     70.89% |          18      2.96%     73.85% |          22      3.62%     77.47% |          26      4.28%     81.74% |          31      5.10%     86.84% |          27      4.44%     91.28% |           7      1.15%     92.43% |          16      2.63%     95.07% |          15      2.47%     97.53% |          15      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total          608                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2      3.39%      3.39% |           1      1.69%      5.08% |           3      5.08%     10.17% |           2      3.39%     13.56% |           2      3.39%     16.95% |           1      1.69%     18.64% |           1      1.69%     20.34% |           0      0.00%     20.34% |           6     10.17%     30.51% |           3      5.08%     35.59% |           2      3.39%     38.98% |           2      3.39%     42.37% |           1      1.69%     44.07% |           1      1.69%     45.76% |           3      5.08%     50.85% |           2      3.39%     54.24% |           5      8.47%     62.71% |           3      5.08%     67.80% |           0      0.00%     67.80% |           2      3.39%     71.19% |           2      3.39%     74.58% |           1      1.69%     76.27% |           2      3.39%     79.66% |           1      1.69%     81.36% |           3      5.08%     86.44% |           2      3.39%     89.83% |           1      1.69%     91.53% |           2      3.39%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           2      3.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      153256      5.68%      5.68% |       83189      3.08%      8.76% |       81853      3.03%     11.80% |       82786      3.07%     14.86% |       81733      3.03%     17.89% |       81169      3.01%     20.90% |       81384      3.02%     23.92% |       81222      3.01%     26.93% |       81535      3.02%     29.95% |       82471      3.06%     33.00% |       83528      3.10%     36.10% |       82854      3.07%     39.17% |       82145      3.04%     42.21% |       81009      3.00%     45.22% |       80448      2.98%     48.20% |       80919      3.00%     51.20% |       81985      3.04%     54.23% |       81550      3.02%     57.26% |       82161      3.04%     60.30% |       82227      3.05%     63.35% |       82053      3.04%     66.39% |       84390      3.13%     69.52% |       82323      3.05%     72.57% |       81481      3.02%     75.59% |       81507      3.02%     78.61% |       82018      3.04%     81.65% |       81767      3.03%     84.68% |       81306      3.01%     87.69% |       81776      3.03%     90.72% |       81093      3.01%     93.73% |       83838      3.11%     96.83% |       85451      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2698427                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           7      2.05%      2.05% |           9      2.63%      4.68% |           5      1.46%      6.14% |           8      2.34%      8.48% |           7      2.05%     10.53% |          11      3.22%     13.74% |          13      3.80%     17.54% |           4      1.17%     18.71% |          10      2.92%     21.64% |          11      3.22%     24.85% |           6      1.75%     26.61% |          15      4.39%     30.99% |           8      2.34%     33.33% |          15      4.39%     37.72% |          17      4.97%     42.69% |          11      3.22%     45.91% |           9      2.63%     48.54% |           8      2.34%     50.88% |          12      3.51%     54.39% |           8      2.34%     56.73% |          16      4.68%     61.40% |          13      3.80%     65.20% |          16      4.68%     69.88% |          17      4.97%     74.85% |          10      2.92%     77.78% |          11      3.22%     80.99% |          19      5.56%     86.55% |          10      2.92%     89.47% |           7      2.05%     91.52% |          11      3.22%     94.74% |          10      2.92%     97.66% |           8      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          342                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1872      3.14%      3.14% |        1856      3.11%      6.25% |        1862      3.12%      9.37% |        1864      3.12%     12.49% |        1852      3.10%     15.60% |        1886      3.16%     18.76% |        1902      3.19%     21.95% |        1836      3.08%     25.02% |        1808      3.03%     28.05% |        1842      3.09%     31.14% |        1872      3.14%     34.28% |        1880      3.15%     37.43% |        1936      3.24%     40.68% |        1864      3.12%     43.80% |        1911      3.20%     47.00% |        1904      3.19%     50.19% |        1907      3.20%     53.39% |        1851      3.10%     56.49% |        1876      3.14%     59.64% |        1902      3.19%     62.82% |        1872      3.14%     65.96% |        1812      3.04%     69.00% |        1853      3.11%     72.10% |        1866      3.13%     75.23% |        1883      3.16%     78.39% |        1858      3.11%     81.50% |        1831      3.07%     84.57% |        1840      3.08%     87.66% |        1831      3.07%     90.72% |        1841      3.09%     93.81% |        1870      3.13%     96.94% |        1823      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        59663                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          20      1.08%      1.08% |          24      1.29%      2.37% |          59      3.17%      5.54% |          42      2.26%      7.80% |          47      2.53%     10.33% |          64      3.44%     13.77% |          58      3.12%     16.89% |          47      2.53%     19.42% |          99      5.33%     24.74% |          71      3.82%     28.56% |          70      3.77%     32.33% |          62      3.34%     35.66% |          37      1.99%     37.65% |          80      4.30%     41.96% |          52      2.80%     44.76% |          35      1.88%     46.64% |          48      2.58%     49.22% |          78      4.20%     53.42% |          60      3.23%     56.64% |          61      3.28%     59.92% |          78      4.20%     64.12% |          87      4.68%     68.80% |          74      3.98%     72.78% |          53      2.85%     75.63% |          55      2.96%     78.59% |          53      2.85%     81.44% |          63      3.39%     84.83% |          67      3.60%     88.43% |          50      2.69%     91.12% |          67      3.60%     94.73% |          40      2.15%     96.88% |          58      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         1859                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          20      1.08%      1.08% |          24      1.29%      2.37% |          59      3.17%      5.54% |          42      2.26%      7.80% |          47      2.53%     10.33% |          64      3.44%     13.77% |          58      3.12%     16.89% |          47      2.53%     19.42% |          99      5.33%     24.74% |          71      3.82%     28.56% |          70      3.77%     32.33% |          62      3.34%     35.66% |          37      1.99%     37.65% |          80      4.30%     41.96% |          52      2.80%     44.76% |          35      1.88%     46.64% |          48      2.58%     49.22% |          78      4.20%     53.42% |          60      3.23%     56.64% |          61      3.28%     59.92% |          78      4.20%     64.12% |          87      4.68%     68.80% |          74      3.98%     72.78% |          53      2.85%     75.63% |          55      2.96%     78.59% |          53      2.85%     81.44% |          63      3.39%     84.83% |          67      3.60%     88.43% |          50      2.69%     91.12% |          67      3.60%     94.73% |          40      2.15%     96.88% |          58      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         1859                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           3     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           1      8.33%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      8.33%     83.33% |           1      8.33%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1872      3.14%      3.14% |        1856      3.11%      6.25% |        1862      3.12%      9.37% |        1864      3.12%     12.49% |        1852      3.10%     15.60% |        1886      3.16%     18.76% |        1902      3.19%     21.95% |        1836      3.08%     25.02% |        1808      3.03%     28.05% |        1842      3.09%     31.14% |        1872      3.14%     34.28% |        1880      3.15%     37.43% |        1936      3.24%     40.67% |        1864      3.12%     43.80% |        1911      3.20%     47.00% |        1904      3.19%     50.19% |        1907      3.20%     53.39% |        1851      3.10%     56.49% |        1876      3.14%     59.63% |        1902      3.19%     62.82% |        1872      3.14%     65.96% |        1812      3.04%     69.00% |        1853      3.11%     72.10% |        1866      3.13%     75.23% |        1883      3.16%     78.39% |        1860      3.12%     81.50% |        1831      3.07%     84.57% |        1840      3.08%     87.66% |        1831      3.07%     90.72% |        1841      3.09%     93.81% |        1870      3.13%     96.94% |        1823      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        59665                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      523021     19.43%     19.43% |     1346228     50.00%     69.43% |      104055      3.86%     73.29% |      108930      4.05%     77.34% |       98315      3.65%     80.99% |      109237      4.06%     85.04% |      101308      3.76%     88.81% |      103726      3.85%     92.66% |       98312      3.65%     96.31% |       99324      3.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2692456                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      523021     19.43%     19.43% |     1346228     50.00%     69.43% |      104055      3.86%     73.29% |      108930      4.05%     77.34% |       98315      3.65%     80.99% |      109237      4.06%     85.04% |      101308      3.76%     88.81% |      103726      3.85%     92.66% |       98312      3.65%     96.31% |       99324      3.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2692456                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      523021     19.43%     19.43% |     1346228     50.00%     69.43% |      104055      3.86%     73.29% |      108930      4.05%     77.34% |       98315      3.65%     80.99% |      109237      4.06%     85.04% |      101308      3.76%     88.81% |      103726      3.85%     92.66% |       98312      3.65%     96.31% |       99324      3.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2692456                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      523021     19.43%     19.43% |     1346228     50.00%     69.43% |      104055      3.86%     73.29% |      108930      4.05%     77.34% |       98315      3.65%     80.99% |      109237      4.06%     85.04% |      101308      3.76%     88.81% |      103726      3.85%     92.66% |       98312      3.65%     96.31% |       99324      3.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2692456                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
