
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.055116                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 55115972500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5231284051000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  39741                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    72251                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               64567743                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4807136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   853.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    33923720                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      61674283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14072064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14072064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4010240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4010240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219876                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    255317349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            255317349                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     72760033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            72760033                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    328077383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           328077383                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219876                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62660                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219876                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62660                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14070272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4010048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14072064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4010240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13504                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            14025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3973                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     2249                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      879                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  55115481000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219876                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62660                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 112501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  48509                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  29228                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  14757                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   6468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   2741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   1024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    393                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                    111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                    97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                    87                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                    86                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                   126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                   144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                   150                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                   157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                   128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                    83                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                    52                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                    22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                    37                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                    40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                    75                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  2460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  11880                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12134                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                    446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   1407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       111179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   162.617185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   109.790102                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.254932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        68153     61.30%     61.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        18798     16.91%     78.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14810     13.32%     91.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2567      2.31%     93.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1646      1.48%     95.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1237      1.11%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          951      0.86%     97.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          985      0.89%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2032      1.83%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       111179                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.259430                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    88.577225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11679     97.68%     97.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          145      1.21%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           45      0.38%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           21      0.18%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           13      0.11%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           14      0.12%     99.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           13      0.11%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            6      0.05%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            9      0.08%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        11957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.240194                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.153889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.363941                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11694     97.80%     97.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            77      0.64%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           47      0.39%     98.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          139      1.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        11957                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  5335587562                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             9457737562                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1099240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    24269.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               43019.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      255.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       72.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   255.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    72.76                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  134381                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  36937                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                61.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               58.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    195074.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   60.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10771736750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     1840280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    42499452750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              422951760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              417531240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              230777250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              227819625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             864450600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             850239000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205785360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200232000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         3599587680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         3599587680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        22503674385                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        21980981250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        13326737250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        13785240000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          41153964285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          41061630795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.742252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.066853                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13846848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13846848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3839936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3839936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       216357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             216357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        59999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             59999                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    251231129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            251231129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     69670112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            69670112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    320901241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           320901241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     216357                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     59999                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   216357                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   59999                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13845504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3839744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13846848                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3839936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     1608                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      781                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  55115222000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               216357                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               59999                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 110666                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  48976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  28957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  14156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   6057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   2395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                    175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                    120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                   113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                   128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                   161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                   202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                   203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                   201                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                   169                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                   105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                    64                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                    53                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                    34                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                    24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                    27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                    71                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  1795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11360                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  11618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  11665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  11639                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                    441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    401                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   1253                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       106458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   166.117567                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   110.961296                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   198.915574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        64810     60.88%     60.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17866     16.78%     77.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14289     13.42%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2452      2.30%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1671      1.57%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1249      1.17%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          971      0.91%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1026      0.96%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2124      2.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       106458                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.741961                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    90.468281                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11172     97.62%     97.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          144      1.26%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           35      0.31%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           23      0.20%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           15      0.13%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767           12      0.10%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           10      0.09%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           11      0.10%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           10      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.242573                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.157847                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.338159                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11161     97.53%     97.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           113      0.99%     98.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           49      0.43%     98.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          121      1.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  4987345360                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             9043645360                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1081680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    23053.70                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41803.70                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      251.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       69.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   251.23                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    69.67                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  132789                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  37078                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.38                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               61.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    199435.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   61.47                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11202264000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     1840280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    42069038500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              406402920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              398412000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              221747625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              217387500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             851299800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             836004000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            197478000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191296080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         3599587680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         3599587680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        22192789545                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        21410521830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        13599443250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        14285643000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          41068748820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          40938852090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          745.196010                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          742.839023                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13845888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13845888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3840576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3840576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       216342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             216342                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60009                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60009                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    251213711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            251213711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     69681724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            69681724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    320895436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           320895436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     216342                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60009                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   216342                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60009                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13845120                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3840512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13845888                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3840576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13488                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3671                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3599                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     2085                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      702                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  55115255000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               216342                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60009                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 110869                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  48640                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  28945                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  14164                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   6187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   2360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    342                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                    183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                    105                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                   102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                   108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                   104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                   138                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                   141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                   159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                   173                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                   102                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                    73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                    41                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                    31                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                    18                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                    21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                    25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                    23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                    19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                    32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                    57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  2219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  11374                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  11637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  11632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  11616                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  11619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                    434                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    415                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   1282                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       106293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   166.377842                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.109777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   199.004452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        64720     60.89%     60.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17587     16.55%     77.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14465     13.61%     91.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2493      2.35%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1668      1.57%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1235      1.16%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895          988      0.93%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1005      0.95%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2132      2.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       106293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.816919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    91.538447                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11178     97.68%     97.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          132      1.15%     98.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           43      0.38%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           20      0.17%     99.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           15      0.13%     99.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      0.08%     99.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           13      0.11%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            9      0.08%     99.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.03%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279           10      0.09%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            3      0.03%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1920-2047            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        11443                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.244079                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.157469                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.363086                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11182     97.72%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11            83      0.73%     98.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           51      0.45%     98.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          127      1.11%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        11443                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  5140377239                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             9196564739                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1081650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    23761.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               42511.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      251.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       69.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   251.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    69.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.15                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  132975                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  37062                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                61.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               61.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    199439.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   61.53                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   11104322000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     1840280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    42167088500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              406266840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              397300680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              221673375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              216781125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             851229600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             836035200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            197478000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191373840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         3599587680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         3599587680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        22172137875                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        21559542345                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        13617558750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        14154923250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          41065932120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          40955544120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          745.144901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.141901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13844160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13844160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3837568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3837568                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        59962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             59962                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    251182359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            251182359                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     69627148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            69627148                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    320809508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           320809508                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216316                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     59962                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216316                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   59962                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13843520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3837376                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13844224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3837568                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13489                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3909                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3669                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3613                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     1611                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      725                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  55115227000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216316                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               59962                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 109936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  48057                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  29124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  14912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   6541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   2525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    399                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                    216                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                    130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                   118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                   116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                   126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                   125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                   154                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                   125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                   116                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                   125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                   108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                    60                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                    29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                    35                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                    43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                    28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                    33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                    39                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                    45                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                    57                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                    97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  1767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11359                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  11600                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  11636                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  11637                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                    437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   1241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       106132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   166.586816                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.317548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   198.999972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        64419     60.70%     60.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17701     16.68%     77.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        14599     13.76%     91.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2393      2.25%     93.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1676      1.58%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1202      1.13%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1009      0.95%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1010      0.95%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2123      2.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       106132                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.774698                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    91.518798                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11169     97.65%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          140      1.22%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           38      0.33%     99.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           20      0.17%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639           17      0.15%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            9      0.08%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895           11      0.10%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023           12      0.10%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            4      0.03%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            7      0.06%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            4      0.03%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2432-2559            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.242088                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.156835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.345417                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          11154     97.52%     97.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11           116      1.01%     98.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           43      0.38%     98.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          125      1.09%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  5123346629                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             9179065379                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1081525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    23685.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               42435.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      251.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       69.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   251.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    69.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.51                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  132992                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  37136                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                61.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               61.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    199491.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   61.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   10996854250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     1840280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    42274217000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              405155520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              397202400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              221067000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              216727500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             851323200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             835770000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197160480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191373840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         3599587680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         3599587680                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        22089067785                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        21363889275                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        13690427250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        14326548750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          41053788915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          40931099445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.924561                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          742.698350                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1363                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1363                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               216                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              216                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5012                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3970                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4834                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              449024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              111024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1824500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7466851                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.974281                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.491327                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                11.392906                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7464242     99.97%     99.97% |        2518      0.03%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7466851                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     17861514                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.682118                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.474741                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      1.104182                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    16981474     95.07%     95.07% |      858315      4.81%     99.88% |        9732      0.05%     99.93% |        3092      0.02%     99.95% |        2664      0.01%     99.97% |         885      0.00%     99.97% |         724      0.00%     99.97% |         860      0.00%     99.98% |        3768      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      17861514                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            17861512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              16.974607                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.945559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             79.769868                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    17853640     99.96%     99.96% |        2717      0.02%     99.97% |        2674      0.01%     99.99% |        1862      0.01%    100.00% |         577      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              17861512                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        16636320                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000285                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000246                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.016945                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    16631581     99.97%     99.97% |        4734      0.03%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          16636320                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1225192                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        206.725506                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       162.666576                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       232.614766                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1217320     99.36%     99.36% |        2717      0.22%     99.58% |        2674      0.22%     99.80% |        1862      0.15%     99.95% |         577      0.05%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1225192                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         794380                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       794380                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           24                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           18                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           32                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           14                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     11894149                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       441217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     12335366                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      3945599                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       124086                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4069685                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111429                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        22614                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        52927                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1684026                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45270                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        51914                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        56541                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       108455                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3060                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49867                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        90084                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles           70                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49373                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40199                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89572                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles           78                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49735                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40221                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles           59                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49749                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles           69                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles           58                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49560                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40268                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles           77                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49613                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles           72                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49624                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles           78                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49859                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40225                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        90084                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles           67                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49616                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles           58                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49610                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89828                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles           64                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49743                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40213                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles           78                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49738                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40218                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89956                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles           71                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49463                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40237                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89700                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles           62                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits        49490                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses        40210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89700                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles           73                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52180                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        31487                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        83667                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10207                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27267                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37474                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles             2                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        10984                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27305                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38289                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9773                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27270                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37043                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         8974                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27274                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36248                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         8905                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27252                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8545                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27239                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35784                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8288                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35529                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27257                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38514                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9287                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27270                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36557                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9596                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27240                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36836                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         8869                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27227                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36096                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9102                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27332                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36434                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         8973                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36183                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9057                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27221                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36278                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9423                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36627                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27220                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35511                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10099                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27259                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37358                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         8894                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27261                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         8957                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27239                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9440                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36652                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits         9982                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits         9995                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27209                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37204                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9369                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27295                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36664                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12225                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27191                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39416                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        12843                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27241                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40084                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9529                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27249                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36778                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9101                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27217                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36318                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27216                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35798                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35030                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27238                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37542                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10306                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27269                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37575                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          429                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads      8884576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes      8884576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8973063                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8884576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4265675                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4263612                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity      8884576                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.080599                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      5431575                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      5431575                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5511010                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5431575                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3569507                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3554875                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      5431575                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.049274                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      3682329                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      3682329                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3720224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3682329                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1648391                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1647097                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      3682329                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.033405                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      3233931                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      3233931                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3268187                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3233931                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1558540                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1557287                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      3233931                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.029338                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      3596589                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      3596589                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3621544                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3596589                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2087146                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2085417                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      3596589                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.032627                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      3578018                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      3578018                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3607453                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3578018                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2101677                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2099730                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      3578018                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.032459                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      4639699                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      4639699                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4686438                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4639699                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1999019                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1997559                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      4639699                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.042090                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      3733639                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      3733639                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3780374                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3733639                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1920201                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1916743                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      3733639                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.033871                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      2105971                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      2105971                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2120449                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2105971                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1023565                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1023155                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      2105971                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.019105                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      2575743                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      2575743                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2594480                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2575743                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1393393                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1392755                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      2575743                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.023367                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      2501777                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      2501777                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2522745                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2501777                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1220370                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1219757                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      2501777                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.022696                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2186993                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2186993                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2201533                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2186993                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1025970                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1025585                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2186993                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019840                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      2726471                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      2726471                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2745954                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2726471                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1411592                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1410947                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      2726471                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.024734                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      2411947                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      2411947                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2431378                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2411947                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1148247                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1147739                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      2411946                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.021881                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1544122                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1544122                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1556063                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1544122                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       805251                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       804826                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1544122                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.014008                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      2122259                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      2122259                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2143656                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2122259                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1167042                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1165307                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      2122259                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019253                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2716138                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2716138                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2738456                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2716138                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1383149                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1381398                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2716138                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.024640                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      2326568                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      2326568                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2345424                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2326568                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1272927                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1271996                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      2326568                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.021106                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1708486                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1708486                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1718578                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1708486                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       881547                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       881154                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1708486                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.015499                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1135377                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1135377                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1140715                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1135377                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       547969                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       547785                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1135377                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010300                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads       864322                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes       864322                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity       865338                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity       864322                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       428924                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       428922                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity       864322                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.007841                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       960227                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       960227                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       961575                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       960227                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       518521                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       518411                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       960227                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.008711                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       962343                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       962343                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       964033                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       962343                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       488343                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       488255                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       962343                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.008730                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       636357                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       636357                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       636794                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       636357                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       318083                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       318061                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       636357                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.005773                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       824093                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       824093                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       824958                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       824093                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       384527                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       384521                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       824093                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.007476                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       947245                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       947245                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       948543                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       947245                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       507602                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       507493                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       947245                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.008593                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       949592                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       949592                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       951191                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       949592                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       477332                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       477188                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       949592                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.008614                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       643949                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       643949                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       644369                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       643949                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       320531                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       320517                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       643949                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.005842                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3674078                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3674078                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3750451                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3674078                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1706360                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1704242                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3674078                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.033330                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      3713301                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      3713301                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3783591                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3713301                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1757324                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1755645                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      3713301                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.033686                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3980300                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3980300                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4059988                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3980300                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1873622                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1871176                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3980300                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.036108                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3901403                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3901403                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3979511                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3901403                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1869520                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1867407                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3901403                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.035393                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6290431     29.14%     29.14% |    14166187     65.63%     94.77% |     1129713      5.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21586331                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6290432     29.14%     29.14% |    14166188     65.63%     94.77% |     1129713      5.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21586333                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   160116964                       |   339925667                       |    26353156                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15425567                       |    45397423                       |     1135963                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   25.454053                       |   23.995565                       |   23.327302                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.452227                       |    3.204632                       |    1.005532                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    24.385607                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.870286                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         27.255894                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.003136                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.069536      7.20%      7.20% |    0.069707      7.22%     14.41% |    0.069488      7.19%     21.61% |    0.069619      7.21%     28.81% |    0.158365     16.39%     45.21% |    0.158535     16.41%     61.62% |    0.158453     16.40%     78.02% |    0.158538     16.41%     94.43% |    0.013442      1.39%     95.82% |    0.013444      1.39%     97.22% |    0.013444      1.39%     98.61% |    0.013443      1.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.966015                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.024068                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.024539                       |    0.000002                       |    0.001886                       |    0.001162                       |    0.001163                       |    0.001164                       |    0.001162                       |    0.001164                       |    0.001163                       |    0.001163                       |    0.001164                       |    0.001164                       |    0.001162                       |    0.001163                       |    0.001163                       |    0.001162                       |    0.001164                       |    0.001165                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005355                       |    0.002724                       |    0.002672                       |    0.002683                       |    0.002689                       |    0.002658                       |    0.002634                       |    0.002597                       |    0.002732                       |    0.002719                       |    0.002770                       |    0.002702                       |    0.002662                       |    0.002649                       |    0.002632                       |    0.002620                       |    0.002780                       |    0.002671                       |    0.002691                       |    0.002653                       |    0.002661                       |    0.002661                       |    0.002681                       |    0.002621                       |    0.002721                       |    0.002655                       |    0.002660                       |    0.002671                       |    0.002708                       |    0.002697                       |    0.002818                       |    0.002861                       |    0.011954                       |    0.011759                       |    0.011758                       |    0.011757                       |    0.000222                       |           0                       |    0.000686                       |    0.007897                       |    0.000512                       |    0.000457                       |    0.000452                       |    0.000461                       |    0.000453                       |    0.000461                       |    0.000437                       |    0.000441                       |    0.000437                       |    0.000443                       |    0.000452                       |    0.000442                       |    0.000432                       |    0.000436                       |    0.000442                       |    0.000452                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002779                       |    0.000225                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002883                       |    0.001954                       |    0.002188                       |    0.002810                       |    0.000437                       |    0.003694                       |    0.006376                       |    0.003601                       |           0                       |    0.002808                       |    0.006030                       |           0                       |    0.008639                       |    0.012016                       |    0.003836                       |    0.003073                       |    0.002770                       |    0.000512                       |    0.008042                       |    0.007412                       |    0.011595                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002757                       |    0.000457                       |    0.010880                       |    0.006688                       |    0.006369                       |           0                       |    0.002747                       |    0.005869                       |           0                       |    0.012936                       |    0.008121                       |    0.004013                       |    0.002186                       |    0.002771                       |    0.000443                       |    0.006332                       |    0.003591                       |    0.004517                       |           0                       |    0.002799                       |           0                       |    0.002721                       |    0.001956                       |           0                       |    0.002754                       |           0                       |    0.001265                       |    0.002661                       |    0.002031                       |    0.002186                       |    0.002759                       |    0.000441                       |    0.003252                       |    0.003422                       |    0.006160                       |    0.005147                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002782                       |    0.000452                       |    0.004251                       |    0.010032                       |    0.008499                       |    0.004427                       |    0.029758                       |    0.004628                       |    0.000686                       |    0.005439                       |    0.015950                       |    0.017509                       |    0.006629                       |    0.000004                       |    0.002780                       |    0.007897                       |    0.004687                       |    0.012547                       |    0.014818                       |    0.006540                       |    0.002186                       |    0.002737                       |    0.000461                       |    0.006210                       |    0.008101                       |    0.009089                       |    0.003676                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002769                       |    0.000452                       |    0.004689                       |    0.006242                       |    0.003405                       |    0.004992                       |           0                       |    0.002744                       |           0                       |    0.001164                       |    0.002655                       |    0.002031                       |           0                       |    0.002788                       |           0                       |    0.000674                       |    0.002681                       |    0.002588                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002834                       |    0.000437                       |    0.002749                       |    0.003596                       |    0.006227                       |    0.004668                       |           0                       |    0.002877                       |    0.005869                       |           0                       |    0.002376                       |    0.008431                       |    0.011903                       |    0.004651                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002734                       |    0.000453                       |    0.017377                       |    0.007730                       |    0.006837                       |    0.004774                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002715                       |    0.000461                       |    0.006672                       |    0.010872                       |    0.006276                       |    0.004691                       |           0                       |    0.002869                       |    0.005867                       |           0                       |    0.003103                       |    0.012994                       |    0.007915                       |    0.002645                       |    0.002186                       |    0.002724                       |    0.000442                       |    0.004198                       |    0.006225                       |    0.003494                       |    0.002611                       |           0                       |    0.002776                       |           0                       |    0.000577                       |    0.002660                       |    0.002600                       |           0                       |    0.002729                       |           0                       |    0.000423                       |    0.002621                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002736                       |    0.000432                       |    0.002067                       |    0.000563                       |    0.006024                       |    0.002185                       |    0.002716                       |    0.000436                       |    0.003148                       |    0.002492                       |    0.008274                       |    0.002187                       |    0.002838                       |    0.000442                       |    0.008437                       |    0.004359                       |    0.006377                       |    0.002186                       |    0.002740                       |    0.000452                       |    0.003277                       |    0.007207                       |    0.005245                       |           0                       |    0.002786                       |           0                       |    0.004599                       |    0.005750                       |    0.002364                       |           0                       |    0.002752                       |           0                       |    0.002059                       |    0.004918                       |    0.000570                       |           0                       |    0.002741                       |           0                       |    0.000429                       |    0.002671                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.966015                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         7441555                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      7441555                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       341269                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5742458                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5112847                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.035862                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          541400                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29464                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             10740056                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              52609                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             8322958                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             44956                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         10792665                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         8367914                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  19063014                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   97565                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              19160579                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              4076808                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9742                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          4086550                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   4076808                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9742                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               4086550                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                103403572                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     15234429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               42310735                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             7441555                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5654247                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles              83204481                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          756506                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             143496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       160092                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       229149                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       318903                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           4076133                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        137882                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3937                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples     99672125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.793575                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.150098                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0         84806407     85.09%     85.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1591503      1.60%     86.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1046821      1.05%     87.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2474557      2.48%     90.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          1320368      1.32%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           681601      0.68%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6           946577      0.95%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           814733      0.82%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          5989558      6.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total     99672125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.071966                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.409181                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         10029530                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      78973868                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           5787633                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       4502834                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         378253                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       73345637                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         378253                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         11875409                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        45218355                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6473682                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           8238204                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      27488215                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       71932579                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5013331                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     83248800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     163498700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    101993753                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      70765092                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12483680                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       176749                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       179050                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          28728807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6186522                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores      8546622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1635885                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1481938                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           70061194                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       457163                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          72800322                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172378                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7814994                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12079729                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        62760                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     99672125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.730398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.492500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     72686845     72.93%     72.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      9150121      9.18%     82.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      5823089      5.84%     87.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3805389      3.82%     91.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3195038      3.21%     94.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2992382      3.00%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1484551      1.49%     99.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339192      0.34%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195518      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     99672125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181140     20.19%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         631679     70.39%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84544      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       272942      0.37%      0.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      53153479     73.01%     73.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28100      0.04%     73.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52350      0.07%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.50% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10878950     14.94%     88.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8414501     11.56%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       72800322                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.704041                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              897363                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012326                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    246342415                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     78340433                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     66861430                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       73424695                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1579145                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1154658                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2672                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         7485                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       518986                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5391237                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         378253                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6061688                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      33972112                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     70518357                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97340                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6186522                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8546622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       447950                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         381442                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33448174                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         7485                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179376                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       213901                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       393277                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      72222941                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      10729264                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       480323                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             19067024                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          5876719                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores            8337760                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.698457                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               66941825                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              66861466                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          40648078                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          64570185                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.646607                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.629518                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8831692                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       394403                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       354337                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     98280781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.627531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.589085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     78163820     79.53%     79.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      6580625      6.70%     86.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4172714      4.25%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2258254      2.30%     92.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2442972      2.49%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1884317      1.92%     97.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       480860      0.49%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       482920      0.49%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1814299      1.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     98280781                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     33923719                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       61674280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               13059488                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5031860                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5816                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            5495158                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          61300080                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       462700                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       158994      0.26%      0.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     48378057     78.44%     78.70% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        26899      0.04%     78.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50842      0.08%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5031860      8.16%     86.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      8027628     13.02%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     61674280                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       1814299                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            166898431                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           142409658                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85128                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3731447                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            33923719                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              61674280                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       3.048120                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 3.048120                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.328071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.328071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        103760986                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        52317967                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          28546908                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         24222433                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        31200910                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         168769                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               6017644500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            6017644499.999997                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3399612                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        26.605258                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.696024                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.970364                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3397038     99.92%     99.92% |        2486      0.07%    100.00% |          87      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3399612                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4035737                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.461549                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.332913                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.859968                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2809892     69.63%     69.63% |     1225328     30.36%     99.99% |         442      0.01%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4035737                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         31502                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        23.567234                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       21.915229                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        8.581230                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         911      2.89%      2.89% |        3751     11.91%     14.80% |       13255     42.08%     56.88% |        6616     21.00%     77.88% |        5734     18.20%     96.08% |        1011      3.21%     99.29% |         202      0.64%     99.93% |          22      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           31502                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          5539840                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           37.611338                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           5.497418                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         133.804839                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     5531991     99.86%     99.86% |        2694      0.05%     99.91% |        2674      0.05%     99.96% |        1862      0.03%     99.99% |         577      0.01%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            5539840                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      4735663                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000600                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000517                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.024602                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     4732831     99.94%     99.94% |        2828      0.06%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        4735663                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       804177                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     241.428153                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    194.402273                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    273.386796                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      796328     99.02%     99.02% |        2694      0.34%     99.36% |        2674      0.33%     99.69% |        1862      0.23%     99.92% |         577      0.07%     99.99% |          42      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        804177                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples          8094486                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            8.785625                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.440248                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          34.607340                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |     8071832     99.72%     99.72% |       19647      0.24%     99.96% |        2787      0.03%    100.00% |         197      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total            8094486                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples      7806829                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000229                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000197                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.015124                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7805046     99.98%     99.98% |        1782      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total        7806829                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287657                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.797631                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    141.173104                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     90.224665                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      265003     92.12%     92.12% |       19647      6.83%     98.95% |        2787      0.97%     99.92% |         197      0.07%     99.99% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287657                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      4069683                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        5.491386                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.309392                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      17.084773                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     4056232     99.67%     99.67% |       11058      0.27%     99.94% |        2140      0.05%     99.99% |          45      0.00%     99.99% |          90      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        4069683                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      3945599                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000503                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3945598    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      3945599                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       124084                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    84.711977                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    75.022083                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    55.678409                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110633     89.16%     89.16% |       11058      8.91%     98.07% |        2140      1.72%     99.80% |          45      0.04%     99.83% |          90      0.07%     99.90% |         104      0.08%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       124084                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       156197                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.719201                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.645650                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.033472                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      154241     98.75%     98.75% |        1506      0.96%     99.71% |         391      0.25%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          19      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       156197                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       146953                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000837                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000722                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028919                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      146830     99.92%     99.92% |         123      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       146953                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9244                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    99.624730                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    80.512447                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    80.363584                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7288     78.84%     78.84% |        1506     16.29%     95.13% |         391      4.23%     99.36% |          19      0.21%     99.57% |          19      0.21%     99.77% |          14      0.15%     99.92% |           7      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9244                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.364472                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.451551                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.669480                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         623     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          623                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13403                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       671529                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        62211                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17996                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    27319                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                     3705                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    54617                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                     3722                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    27281                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                     3693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    54615                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                     3719                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   27293                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                    3697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   54057                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                    3718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_hits                   27292                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_hits                    3698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_hits                   54506                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_hits                    3718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_hits                   27315                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_hits                    3695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_hits                   54466                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_hits                    3718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_hits                   27324                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_hits                    3700                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_hits                   54341                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_hits                    3724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_hits                   27352                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_hits                    3695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_hits                   54373                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_hits                    3720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_hits                   27355                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_hits                    3699                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_hits                   54369                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_hits                    3722                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_hits                   27327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_hits                    3702                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_hits                   54344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_hits                    3720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_hits                   27334                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_hits                    3697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_hits                   54620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_hits                    3724                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_hits                   27323                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_hits                    3705                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_hits                   54390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_hits                    3719                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_hits                   27340                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_hits                    3703                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_hits                   54371                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_hits                    3720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_hits                   27327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_hits                    3697                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_hits                   54500                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_hits                    3717                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_hits                   27337                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_hits                    3693                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_hits                   54494                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_hits                    3716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_hits                   27356                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_hits                    3698                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_hits                   54266                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_hits                    3718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_hits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_hits                   27350                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_hits                    3695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_hits                   54240                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_hits                    3718                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    436                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                    425                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                     71                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                    423                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                     54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                    463                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                     83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                    425                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                     57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                   451                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                    79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                   471                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                    58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_misses                   452                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_misses                    78                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_misses                   406                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_misses                    58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_misses                   429                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_misses                    81                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_misses                   446                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_misses                    58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_misses                   420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_misses                    76                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_misses                   443                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_misses                    52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_misses                   392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_misses                    81                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_misses                   411                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_misses                   389                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_misses                    77                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_misses                   415                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_misses                    54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_misses                   417                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_misses                    74                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_misses                   440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_misses                   410                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_misses                    79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_misses                   420                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_misses                    52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_misses                   421                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_misses                    71                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_misses                   394                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_misses                    57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_misses                   404                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_misses                    73                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_misses                   413                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_misses                    56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_misses                   417                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_misses                    79                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_misses                   412                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_misses                    59                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_misses                   407                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_misses                    83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_misses                   418                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_misses                    60                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_misses                   388                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_misses                    78                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_misses                   390                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_misses                    58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_misses                     0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_misses                   394                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_misses                    81                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_misses                   416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_misses                    58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5838                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                       73                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                       86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       32                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                        0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                       92                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                       87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                       19                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                      69                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                      91                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                      58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshrhits                      77                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshrhits                      90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshrhits                      14                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshrhits                      68                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshrhits                      85                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshrhits                      47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshrhits                      47                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshrhits                      86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshrhits                      48                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshrhits                      64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshrhits                      62                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshrhits                      24                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshrhits                      64                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshrhits                      91                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshrhits                      58                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshrhits                      72                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshrhits                      88                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshrhits                      61                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshrhits                      61                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshrhits                      90                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshrhits                      52                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshrhits                      77                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshrhits                      89                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshrhits                      25                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshrhits                      56                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshrhits                      86                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshrhits                      49                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshrhits                      71                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshrhits                      83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshrhits                      63                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshrhits                      61                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshrhits                      83                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshrhits                      57                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshrhits                      24                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshrhits                      55                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshrhits                      82                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshrhits                      44                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshrhits                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshrhits                      62                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshrhits                      87                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshrhits                      54                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshrhits                      21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                 3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                55040                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                 3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                    0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                 3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                55040                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                 3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               54528                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_accesses               54912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_accesses               54912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_accesses               54784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_accesses               54784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_accesses               54784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_accesses               54784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_accesses               55040                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_accesses               54784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_accesses               54784                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_accesses               54912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_accesses               54912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_accesses               54656                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_accesses                   0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_accesses               27744                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_accesses               54656                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_accesses                3776                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  322771                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                  116723                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                  191445                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  121311                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                   59749                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                  108948                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                  164843                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                  108762                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                   54565                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                 121963                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                 192771                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                 124378                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                  61138                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlbCycles             4295080889                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlbCycles             4295136976                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlbCycles             4295071799                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlbCycles             4295023089                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlbCycles             4295088543                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlbCycles             4295154560                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlbCycles             4295089174                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlbCycles             4295028375                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlbCycles             4295078056                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlbCycles             4295132306                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlbCycles             4295076201                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlbCycles             4295021956                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlbCycles             4295099961                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlbCycles             4295199525                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlbCycles             4295096225                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlbCycles             4295039346                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlbCycles             4295088230                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlbCycles             4295181255                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlbCycles             4295092590                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlbCycles             4295033631                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlbCycles             4295104996                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlbCycles             4295197981                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlbCycles             4295106512                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlbCycles             4295039615                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlbCycles             4295092768                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlbCycles             4295181580                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlbCycles             4295092834                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlbCycles             4295032746                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlbCycles             4295084925                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlbCycles             4295158699                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlbCycles             4295084119                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlbCycles             4295027843                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlbCycles             4295094545                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlbCycles             4295177786                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlbCycles             4295096416                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlbCycles             4295034359                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlbCycles             4295109299                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlbCycles             4295212067                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlbCycles             4295110432                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlbCycles             4295046480                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlbCycles             4295103282                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlbCycles             4295203408                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlbCycles             4295102333                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlbCycles             4295040229                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlbCycles             4295090442                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlbCycles             4295180879                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlbCycles             4295089204                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlbCycles             4295033600                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlbCycles             4294967295                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlbCycles             4295082315                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlbCycles             4295162590                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlbCycles             4295083953                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlbCycles             4295028624                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                    1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   54464                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                    3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                       0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                    1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   54464                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  53952                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_reads                  54336                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_reads                  54336                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_reads                  54208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_reads                  54208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_reads                  54208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_reads                  54208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_reads                  54464                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_reads                  54208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_reads                  54208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_reads                  54336                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_reads                  54336                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_reads                  54080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_reads                      0                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_reads                  27168                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_reads                   1728                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_reads                  54080                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_reads                   3200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                    576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                   2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                    576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                    576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                      0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                    576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                   2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                    576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                    576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_writes                     0                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_writes                  2048                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_writes                   576                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                26748                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 1669                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                54048                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 3146                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                    0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                26714                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 1659                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                54054                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 3143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               26717                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                1662                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               53486                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                3142                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readhits               26719                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readhits                1662                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readhits               53938                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readhits                3142                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readhits               26742                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readhits                1661                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readhits               53897                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readhits                3142                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readhits               26751                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readhits                1667                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readhits               53767                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readhits                3148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readhits               26777                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readhits                1659                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readhits               53805                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readhits                3144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readhits               26780                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readhits                1666                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readhits               53796                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readhits                3146                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readhits               26752                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readhits                1665                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readhits               53772                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readhits                3144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readhits               26758                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readhits                1661                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readhits               54056                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readhits                3148                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readhits               26749                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readhits                1671                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readhits               53819                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readhits                3143                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readhits               26766                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readhits                1667                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readhits               53800                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readhits                3144                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readhits               26752                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readhits                1664                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readhits               53927                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readhits                3141                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readhits               26761                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readhits                1659                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readhits               53925                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readhits                3140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readhits               26780                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readhits                1664                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readhits               53693                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readhits                3142                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readhits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readhits               26774                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readhits                1660                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readhits               53668                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readhits                3142                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses                420                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                 59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses                416                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                 54                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses                  0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses                454                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses                 69                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses                410                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses                 57                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses               451                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses                66                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses               466                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses                58                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_readmisses               449                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_readmisses                66                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_readmisses               398                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_readmisses                58                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_readmisses               426                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_readmisses                67                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_readmisses               439                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_readmisses                58                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_readmisses               417                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_readmisses                61                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_readmisses               441                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_readmisses                52                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_readmisses               391                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_readmisses                69                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_readmisses               403                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_readmisses                56                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_readmisses               388                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_readmisses                62                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_readmisses               412                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_readmisses                54                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_readmisses               416                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_readmisses                63                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_readmisses               436                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_readmisses                56                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_readmisses               410                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_readmisses                67                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_readmisses               408                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_readmisses                52                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_readmisses               419                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_readmisses                57                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_readmisses               389                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_readmisses                57                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_readmisses               402                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_readmisses                61                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_readmisses               408                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_readmisses                56                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_readmisses               416                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_readmisses                64                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_readmisses               409                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_readmisses                59                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_readmisses               407                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_readmisses                69                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_readmisses               411                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_readmisses                60                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_readmisses               388                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_readmisses                64                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_readmisses               387                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_readmisses                58                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_readmisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_readmisses               394                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_readmisses                68                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_readmisses               412                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_readmisses                58                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8919                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                 571                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits                2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                 569                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                 576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits                   0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits                 567                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits                2034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits                 561                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits                 576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits               2035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits                571                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writehits                573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writehits               2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writehits                568                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writehits                573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writehits               2034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writehits                569                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writehits                573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writehits               2033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writehits                574                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writehits                575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writehits               2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writehits                568                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writehits                575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writehits               2033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writehits                573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writehits                575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writehits               2037                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writehits                572                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writehits               2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writehits                564                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writehits                574                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writehits               2034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writehits                571                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writehits                574                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writehits               2036                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writehits                571                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writehits                575                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writehits               2033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writehits                573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writehits               2034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writehits                569                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writehits               2034                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writehits                573                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writehits                  0                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writehits               2035                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writehits                572                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writehits                576                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               297                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                 5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                 7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses                 9                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses                14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses                15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses               13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_16.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_17.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_18.tlb_writemisses                8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_19.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_20.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_21.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_22.tlb_writemisses               14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_23.tlb_writemisses                7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_24.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_25.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_26.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_27.tlb_writemisses               15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_28.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_29.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_30.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_31.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_32.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_33.tlb_writemisses                8                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_34.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_35.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_36.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_37.tlb_writemisses               15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_38.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_39.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_40.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_41.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_42.tlb_writemisses               11                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_43.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_44.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_45.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_46.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_47.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_48.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_49.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_50.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_51.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_52.tlb_writemisses               14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_53.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_54.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_55.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_56.tlb_writemisses                2                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_57.tlb_writemisses               12                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_58.tlb_writemisses                5                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_59.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_60.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_61.tlb_writemisses                1                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_62.tlb_writemisses               15                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_63.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_64.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_65.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_66.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_67.tlb_writemisses               14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_68.tlb_writemisses                7                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_69.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_70.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_71.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_72.tlb_writemisses               14                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_73.tlb_writemisses                3                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_74.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_75.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_76.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_77.tlb_writemisses               13                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_78.tlb_writemisses                4                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_79.tlb_writemisses                0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                        0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                        8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_jobs                       0                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_jobs                       8                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 771893                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                4666248                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                 606094                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                4776436                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                 358926                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                      0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                4714192                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                 578323                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                4860922                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                 353331                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               4688040                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles                605407                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               4780779                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles                355999                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_16.job_cycles               4703282                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_17.job_cycles                581375                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_18.job_cycles               4934093                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_19.job_cycles                349135                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_20.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_21.job_cycles               4677037                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_22.job_cycles                596480                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_23.job_cycles               4756528                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_24.job_cycles                357311                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_25.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_26.job_cycles               4715119                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_27.job_cycles                575640                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_28.job_cycles               4770996                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_29.job_cycles                348684                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_30.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_31.job_cycles               4846336                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_32.job_cycles                666688                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_33.job_cycles               5040758                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_34.job_cycles                378878                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_35.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_36.job_cycles               4720519                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_37.job_cycles                639475                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_38.job_cycles               4822970                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_39.job_cycles                372343                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_40.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_41.job_cycles               4749747                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_42.job_cycles                654692                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_43.job_cycles               4836146                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_44.job_cycles                375416                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_45.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_46.job_cycles               4980827                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_47.job_cycles                643816                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_48.job_cycles               4951709                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_49.job_cycles                374907                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_50.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_51.job_cycles               4701327                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_52.job_cycles                614887                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_53.job_cycles               4835220                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_54.job_cycles                363538                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_55.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_56.job_cycles               4856148                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_57.job_cycles                635079                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_58.job_cycles               4807627                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_59.job_cycles                369654                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_60.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_61.job_cycles               4888137                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_62.job_cycles                677419                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_63.job_cycles               4944712                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_64.job_cycles                387968                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_65.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_66.job_cycles               4718699                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_67.job_cycles                660001                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_68.job_cycles               4812736                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_69.job_cycles                377102                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_70.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_71.job_cycles               4837097                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_72.job_cycles                634329                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_73.job_cycles               4780553                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_74.job_cycles                366678                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_75.job_cycles                     0                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_76.job_cycles               4689300                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_77.job_cycles                611035                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_78.job_cycles               4805159                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_79.job_cycles                364296                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                       0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_16.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_17.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_18.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_19.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_20.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_21.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_22.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_23.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_24.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_25.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_26.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_27.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_28.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_29.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_30.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_31.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_32.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_33.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_34.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_35.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_36.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_37.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_38.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_39.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_40.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_41.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_42.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_43.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_44.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_45.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_46.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_47.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_48.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_49.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_50.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_51.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_52.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_53.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_54.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_55.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_56.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_57.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_58.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_59.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_60.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_61.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_62.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_63.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_64.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_65.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_66.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_67.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_68.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_69.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_70.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_71.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_72.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_73.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_74.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_75.num_tasks                      0                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_76.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_77.num_tasks                    192                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_78.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_79.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                610435                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               4624178                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles                577154                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               4732765                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles                346344                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles                     0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               4672855                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles                552589                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4818106                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles                341414                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              4646028                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles               576575                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              4737376                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles               343759                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_cycles              4661969                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_cycles               554867                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_cycles              4891486                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_cycles               336959                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_cycles              4635003                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_cycles               567432                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_cycles              4712676                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_cycles               344874                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_cycles              4673817                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_cycles               549323                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_cycles              4728228                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_cycles               336799                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_cycles              4802852                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_cycles               632979                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_cycles              4995639                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_cycles               364661                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_cycles              4677771                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_cycles               608056                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_cycles              4778700                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_cycles               358404                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_cycles              4706263                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_cycles               621015                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_cycles              4790940                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_cycles               360804                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_cycles              4937954                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_cycles               612274                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_cycles              4905906                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_cycles               361181                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_cycles              4659013                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_cycles               585523                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_cycles              4791564                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_cycles               350754                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_cycles              4813387                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_cycles               603361                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_cycles              4762900                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_cycles               356198                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_cycles              4843780                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_cycles               641179                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_cycles              4898835                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_cycles               372583                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_cycles              4675244                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_cycles               625673                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_cycles              4767560                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_cycles               358974                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_cycles              4794359                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_cycles               603365                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_cycles              4736033                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_cycles               352483                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_cycles              4647213                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_cycles               581255                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_cycles              4761577                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_cycles               351230                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             266198                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             286129                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             234021                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             287588                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles              50450                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles                  0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             288475                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             204738                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             287817                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles              51621                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            286781                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            232731                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            288129                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles             49779                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_cycles            286908                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_cycles            209751                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_cycles            287651                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_cycles             48650                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_cycles            287024                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_cycles            225417                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_cycles            287619                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_cycles             49908                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_cycles            285918                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_cycles            206080                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_cycles            287570                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_cycles             50118                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_cycles            288320                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_cycles            270748                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_cycles            288031                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_cycles             49547                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_cycles            286734                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_cycles            252812                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_cycles            287967                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_cycles             50619                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_cycles            284634                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_cycles            270594                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_cycles            287675                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_cycles             50271                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_cycles            287393                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_cycles            252455                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_cycles            287879                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_cycles             49665                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_cycles            287274                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_cycles            234774                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_cycles            288333                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_cycles             48871                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_cycles            286546                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_cycles            250708                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_cycles            287868                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_cycles             47028                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_cycles            286351                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_cycles            283281                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_cycles            287394                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_cycles             49530                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_cycles            286147                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_cycles            275052                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_cycles            287650                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_cycles             51406                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_cycles            286539                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_cycles            250942                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_cycles            287836                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_cycles             48009                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_cycles                 0                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_cycles            286385                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_cycles            231436                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_cycles            287841                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_cycles             48820                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               974087                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles                56216                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles                58167                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles                61620                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles                50198                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles                52630                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles                56061                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles               56722                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles               58317                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles               61613                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_cycles               50542                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_cycles               53014                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_cycles               55793                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_cycles               56437                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_cycles               59142                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_cycles               61479                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_cycles               51632                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_cycles               52699                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_cycles               55948                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_cycles               67444                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_cycles               71610                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_cycles               73068                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_cycles               61521                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_cycles               64060                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_cycles               67686                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_cycles               67579                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_cycles               69383                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_cycles               73123                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_cycles               62665                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_cycles               65657                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_cycles               67778                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_cycles               55854                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_cycles               58285                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_cycles               62054                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_cycles               62363                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_cycles               65045                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_cycles               67971                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_cycles               73369                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_cycles               74902                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_cycles               79736                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_cycles               67328                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_cycles               70066                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_cycles               79958                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_cycles               62189                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_cycles               65798                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_cycles               67063                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_cycles               56872                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_cycles                   0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_cycles               59863                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_cycles               63236                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           610435                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          4624178                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time           577154                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          4732765                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time           346344                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time                0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          4672855                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time           552589                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4818106                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time           341414                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         4646028                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time          576575                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         4737376                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time          343759                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.read_action_time         4661969                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.read_action_time          554867                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.read_action_time         4891486                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.read_action_time          336959                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.read_action_time         4635003                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.read_action_time          567432                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.read_action_time         4712676                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.read_action_time          344874                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.read_action_time         4673817                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.read_action_time          549323                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.read_action_time         4728228                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.read_action_time          336799                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.read_action_time         4802852                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.read_action_time          632979                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.read_action_time         4995639                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.read_action_time          364661                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.read_action_time         4677771                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.read_action_time          608056                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.read_action_time         4778700                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.read_action_time          358404                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.read_action_time         4706263                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.read_action_time          621015                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.read_action_time         4790940                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.read_action_time          360804                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.read_action_time         4937954                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.read_action_time          612274                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.read_action_time         4905906                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.read_action_time          361181                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.read_action_time         4659013                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.read_action_time          585523                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.read_action_time         4791564                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.read_action_time          350754                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.read_action_time         4813387                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.read_action_time          603361                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.read_action_time         4762900                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.read_action_time          356198                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.read_action_time         4843780                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.read_action_time          641179                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.read_action_time         4898835                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.read_action_time          372583                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.read_action_time         4675244                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.read_action_time          625673                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.read_action_time         4767560                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.read_action_time          358974                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.read_action_time         4794359                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.read_action_time          603365                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.read_action_time         4736033                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.read_action_time          352483                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.read_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.read_action_time         4647213                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.read_action_time          581255                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.read_action_time         4761577                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.read_action_time          351230                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        263094                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        286129                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        231762                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        287588                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time         49679                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time             0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        288475                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        202142                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        287817                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time         50766                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       286781                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       231258                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       288129                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time        48636                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.compute_action_time       286908                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.compute_action_time       207846                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.compute_action_time       287651                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.compute_action_time        47429                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.compute_action_time       287024                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.compute_action_time       224601                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.compute_action_time       287619                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.compute_action_time        49266                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.compute_action_time       285918                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.compute_action_time       203717                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.compute_action_time       287570                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.compute_action_time        49275                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.compute_action_time       288320                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.compute_action_time       269735                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.compute_action_time       288031                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.compute_action_time        49543                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.compute_action_time       286734                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.compute_action_time       251595                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.compute_action_time       287967                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.compute_action_time        50429                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.compute_action_time       284634                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.compute_action_time       269549                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.compute_action_time       287675                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.compute_action_time        50174                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.compute_action_time       287393                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.compute_action_time       252455                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.compute_action_time       287879                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.compute_action_time        49441                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.compute_action_time       287274                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.compute_action_time       234680                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.compute_action_time       288333                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.compute_action_time        48730                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.compute_action_time       286546                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.compute_action_time       250632                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.compute_action_time       287868                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.compute_action_time        46992                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.compute_action_time       286351                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.compute_action_time       283232                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.compute_action_time       287394                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.compute_action_time        49292                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.compute_action_time       286147                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.compute_action_time       275052                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.compute_action_time       287650                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.compute_action_time        51406                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.compute_action_time       286539                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.compute_action_time       250899                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.compute_action_time       287836                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.compute_action_time        47917                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.compute_action_time            0                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.compute_action_time       286385                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.compute_action_time       231436                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.compute_action_time       287841                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.compute_action_time        48600                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          644505                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time           56216                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time           58167                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time           60719                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time           50198                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time           52630                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time           55256                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time          56722                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time          58317                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time          60708                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.write_action_time          50542                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.write_action_time          53014                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.write_action_time          54980                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.write_action_time          56437                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.write_action_time          59142                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.write_action_time          60579                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.write_action_time          51632                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.write_action_time          52699                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.write_action_time          55139                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.write_action_time          67444                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.write_action_time          71610                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.write_action_time          71983                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.write_action_time          61521                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.write_action_time          64060                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.write_action_time          66682                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.write_action_time          67579                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.write_action_time          69383                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.write_action_time          72048                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.write_action_time          62665                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.write_action_time          65657                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.write_action_time          66793                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.write_action_time          55854                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.write_action_time          58285                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.write_action_time          61159                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.write_action_time          62363                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.write_action_time          65045                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.write_action_time          66975                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.write_action_time          73369                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.write_action_time          74902                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.write_action_time          78566                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.write_action_time          67328                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.write_action_time          70066                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.write_action_time          77796                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.write_action_time          62189                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.write_action_time          65798                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.write_action_time          66076                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.write_action_time          56872                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.write_action_time              0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.write_action_time          59863                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.write_action_time          62336                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             771636                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            4631376                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time             577154                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            4740535                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time             353930                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time                  0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4679320                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time             552589                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4825001                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time             348206                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           4653168                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time            576575                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           4744873                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time            351246                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_16.rw_action_time           4668410                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_17.rw_action_time            554867                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_18.rw_action_time           4898192                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_19.rw_action_time            343820                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_20.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_21.rw_action_time           4642165                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_22.rw_action_time            567432                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_23.rw_action_time           4720612                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_24.rw_action_time            352435                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_25.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_26.rw_action_time           4680247                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_27.rw_action_time            549323                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_28.rw_action_time           4735095                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_29.rw_action_time            343678                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_30.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_31.rw_action_time           4811464                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_32.rw_action_time            632979                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_33.rw_action_time           5004852                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_34.rw_action_time            373716                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_35.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_36.rw_action_time           4685647                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_37.rw_action_time            608056                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_38.rw_action_time           4787054                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_39.rw_action_time            366881                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_40.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_41.rw_action_time           4714875                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_42.rw_action_time            621015                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_43.rw_action_time           4800230                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_44.rw_action_time            369932                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_45.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_46.rw_action_time           4945955                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_47.rw_action_time            612274                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_48.rw_action_time           4915803                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_49.rw_action_time            369672                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_50.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_51.rw_action_time           4666455                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_52.rw_action_time            585523                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_53.rw_action_time           4799304                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_54.rw_action_time            358355                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_55.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_56.rw_action_time           4821276                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_57.rw_action_time            603361                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_58.rw_action_time           4771716                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_59.rw_action_time            364767                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_60.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_61.rw_action_time           4853265                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_62.rw_action_time            641179                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_63.rw_action_time           4908806                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_64.rw_action_time            382392                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_65.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_66.rw_action_time           4683827                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_67.rw_action_time            625673                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_68.rw_action_time           4776825                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_69.rw_action_time            371176                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_70.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_71.rw_action_time           4802225                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_72.rw_action_time            603365                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_73.rw_action_time           4744642                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_74.rw_action_time            360821                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_75.rw_action_time                 0                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_76.rw_action_time           4654428                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_77.rw_action_time            581255                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_78.rw_action_time           4769258                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_79.rw_action_time            358905                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles              1754                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles               986                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles              1422                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles               863                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles             1919                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles             1011                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_busy_cycles             1454                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_busy_cycles              957                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_busy_cycles             2713                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_busy_cycles             1397                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_busy_cycles             1729                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_busy_cycles              996                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_busy_cycles             2915                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_busy_cycles             1918                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_busy_cycles             2622                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_busy_cycles             1857                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_busy_cycles             3082                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_busy_cycles             2501                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_busy_cycles             2894                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_busy_cycles             1939                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_busy_cycles             2624                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_busy_cycles             1770                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_busy_cycles             3235                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_busy_cycles             2450                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_busy_cycles             3381                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_busy_cycles             2104                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_busy_cycles             3493                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_busy_cycles             2156                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_busy_cycles             3695                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_busy_cycles             2205                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_busy_cycles             2976                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_busy_cycles             1887                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98680245                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         101186469                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         101657080                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         104190520                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles          98680241                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         101186465                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         101657076                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         104190516                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles         98680247                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        101186471                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        101657082                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        104190522                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_idle_cycles         98680243                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_idle_cycles        101186467                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_idle_cycles        101657078                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_idle_cycles        104190518                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_idle_cycles         98680252                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_idle_cycles        101186476                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_idle_cycles        101657087                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_idle_cycles        104190527                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_idle_cycles         98680248                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_idle_cycles        101186472                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_idle_cycles        101657083                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_idle_cycles        104190523                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_idle_cycles         98680264                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_idle_cycles        101186488                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_idle_cycles        101657099                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_idle_cycles        104190539                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_idle_cycles         98680260                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_idle_cycles        101186484                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_idle_cycles        101657095                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_idle_cycles        104190535                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_idle_cycles         98680269                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_idle_cycles        101186493                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_idle_cycles        101657104                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_idle_cycles        104190544                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_idle_cycles         98680265                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_idle_cycles        101186489                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_idle_cycles        101657100                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_idle_cycles        104190540                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_idle_cycles         98680261                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_idle_cycles        101186485                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_idle_cycles        101657096                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_idle_cycles        104190536                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_idle_cycles         98680267                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_idle_cycles        101186491                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_idle_cycles        101657102                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_idle_cycles        104190542                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_idle_cycles         98680281                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_idle_cycles        101186505                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_idle_cycles        101657116                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_idle_cycles        104190556                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_idle_cycles         98680277                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_idle_cycles        101186501                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_idle_cycles        101657112                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_idle_cycles        104190552                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_idle_cycles         98680273                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_idle_cycles        101186497                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_idle_cycles        101657108                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_idle_cycles        104190548                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_idle_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_idle_cycles         98680269                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_idle_cycles        101186493                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_idle_cycles        101657104                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_idle_cycles        104190544                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          6431416                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          8470741                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          6313738                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          8240155                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          6017606                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          8491618                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          6314306                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          8263079                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          6014941                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         8476780                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         6312473                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         8241026                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         6017443                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.dma_stall_cycles         8490780                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.dma_stall_cycles         6313415                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.dma_stall_cycles         8262827                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.dma_stall_cycles         6013703                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.dma_stall_cycles         8467966                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.dma_stall_cycles         6312012                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.dma_stall_cycles         8237545                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.dma_stall_cycles         6017535                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.dma_stall_cycles         8492914                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.dma_stall_cycles         6312160                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.dma_stall_cycles         8253250                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.dma_stall_cycles         6013714                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.dma_stall_cycles         8597728                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.dma_stall_cycles         6320761                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.dma_stall_cycles         8366714                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.dma_stall_cycles         6026602                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.dma_stall_cycles         8497860                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.dma_stall_cycles         6316689                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.dma_stall_cycles         8269843                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.dma_stall_cycles         6023941                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.dma_stall_cycles         8517680                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.dma_stall_cycles         6317334                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.dma_stall_cycles         8281638                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.dma_stall_cycles         6023484                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.dma_stall_cycles         8594715                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.dma_stall_cycles         6321615                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.dma_stall_cycles         8361910                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.dma_stall_cycles         6025541                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.dma_stall_cycles         8488235                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.dma_stall_cycles         6315052                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.dma_stall_cycles         8258237                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.dma_stall_cycles         6021704                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.dma_stall_cycles         8497810                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.dma_stall_cycles         6315178                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.dma_stall_cycles         8270554                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.dma_stall_cycles         6023299                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.dma_stall_cycles         8617405                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.dma_stall_cycles         6319806                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.dma_stall_cycles         8387075                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.dma_stall_cycles         6032509                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.dma_stall_cycles         8502631                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.dma_stall_cycles         6317689                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.dma_stall_cycles         8272226                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.dma_stall_cycles         6025531                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.dma_stall_cycles         8485725                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.dma_stall_cycles         6313855                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.dma_stall_cycles         8244764                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.dma_stall_cycles         6021453                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.dma_stall_cycles               0                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.dma_stall_cycles         8483483                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.dma_stall_cycles         6316223                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.dma_stall_cycles         8253124                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.dma_stall_cycles         6019225                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               365                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0                43                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               391                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0                33                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               392                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0                55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               406                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0                36                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              413                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0               37                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_0              385                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_0               50                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_0              392                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_0               37                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_0              370                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_0              399                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_0               37                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_0              374                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_0               48                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_0              395                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_0               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_0              339                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_0              349                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_0               35                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_0              338                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_0               49                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_0              357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_0               33                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_0              355                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_0               46                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_0              385                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_0               35                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_0              353                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_0              368                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_0               31                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_0              360                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_0               43                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_0              369                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_0               36                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_0              354                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_0               45                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_0              364                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_0               35                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_0              356                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_0               51                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_0              356                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_0               38                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_0              358                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_0               55                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_0              366                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_0               39                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_0              340                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_0               50                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_0              346                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_0               37                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_0                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_0              336                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_0               53                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_0              362                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_0               37                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1               558                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              1978                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1               569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1               576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1               546                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              1975                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1               561                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1               576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1              571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             1972                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1              571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_1              563                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_1             1974                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_1              568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_1              564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_1             1977                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_1              569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_1              572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_1             1975                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_1              574                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_1              564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_1             1975                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_1              568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_1              573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_1              562                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_1             1970                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_1              573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_1              565                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_1             1977                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_1              566                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_1              572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_1             1974                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_1              564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_1              558                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_1             1973                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_1              571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_1              568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_1             1978                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_1              571                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_1              565                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_1             1978                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_1              566                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_1              564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_1             1979                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_1              564                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_1              573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_1              569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_1             1980                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_1              573                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_1                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_1              572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_1             1976                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_1              572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_1              576                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3017                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             19150                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              1505                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             23473                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              1259                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2                 0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             18969                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              1496                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             24066                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              1287                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            19232                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             1499                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            23220                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_16.onTLbMissCall_2            19241                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_17.onTLbMissCall_2             1499                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_18.onTLbMissCall_2            24203                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_19.onTLbMissCall_2             1289                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_20.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_21.onTLbMissCall_2            19231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_22.onTLbMissCall_2             1497                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_23.onTLbMissCall_2            23377                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_24.onTLbMissCall_2             1255                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_25.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_26.onTLbMissCall_2            19427                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_27.onTLbMissCall_2             1506                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_28.onTLbMissCall_2            23976                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_29.onTLbMissCall_2             1292                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_30.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_31.onTLbMissCall_2            18933                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_32.onTLbMissCall_2             1496                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_33.onTLbMissCall_2            22048                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_34.onTLbMissCall_2             1197                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_35.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_36.onTLbMissCall_2            18984                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_37.onTLbMissCall_2             1503                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_38.onTLbMissCall_2            22429                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_39.onTLbMissCall_2             1260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_40.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_41.onTLbMissCall_2            19018                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_42.onTLbMissCall_2             1498                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_43.onTLbMissCall_2            21873                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_44.onTLbMissCall_2             1200                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_45.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_46.onTLbMissCall_2            19094                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_47.onTLbMissCall_2             1492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_48.onTLbMissCall_2            22470                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_49.onTLbMissCall_2             1261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_50.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_51.onTLbMissCall_2            19015                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_52.onTLbMissCall_2             1505                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_53.onTLbMissCall_2            23540                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_54.onTLbMissCall_2             1256                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_55.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_56.onTLbMissCall_2            19158                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_57.onTLbMissCall_2             1500                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_58.onTLbMissCall_2            22337                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_59.onTLbMissCall_2             1257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_60.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_61.onTLbMissCall_2            18862                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_62.onTLbMissCall_2             1500                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_63.onTLbMissCall_2            21593                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_64.onTLbMissCall_2             1196                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_65.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_66.onTLbMissCall_2            18944                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_67.onTLbMissCall_2             1492                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_68.onTLbMissCall_2            21948                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_69.onTLbMissCall_2             1196                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_70.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_71.onTLbMissCall_2            19084                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_72.onTLbMissCall_2             1498                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_73.onTLbMissCall_2            22387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_74.onTLbMissCall_2             1258                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_75.onTLbMissCall_2                0                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_76.onTLbMissCall_2            19213                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_77.onTLbMissCall_2             1491                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_78.onTLbMissCall_2            23296                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_79.onTLbMissCall_2             1261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles            9956                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles            6113                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            3213                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             446                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles            1392                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles            6738                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles            3249                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles             445                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles            1426                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles           4773                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles           3231                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles           3480                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles           1706                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_16.mshr_stall_cycles           7863                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_17.mshr_stall_cycles           3336                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_18.mshr_stall_cycles            444                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_19.mshr_stall_cycles           1691                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_20.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_21.mshr_stall_cycles           5085                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_22.mshr_stall_cycles           3129                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_23.mshr_stall_cycles           3788                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_24.mshr_stall_cycles           1708                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_25.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_26.mshr_stall_cycles           4237                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_27.mshr_stall_cycles           3245                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_28.mshr_stall_cycles            441                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_29.mshr_stall_cycles           1708                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_30.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_31.mshr_stall_cycles           7584                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_32.mshr_stall_cycles           3396                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_33.mshr_stall_cycles           3959                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_34.mshr_stall_cycles           1787                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_35.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_36.mshr_stall_cycles           7182                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_37.mshr_stall_cycles           3586                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_38.mshr_stall_cycles           3767                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_39.mshr_stall_cycles           1743                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_40.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_41.mshr_stall_cycles           7188                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_42.mshr_stall_cycles           3271                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_43.mshr_stall_cycles           4175                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_44.mshr_stall_cycles           1754                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_45.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_46.mshr_stall_cycles           6522                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_47.mshr_stall_cycles           3130                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_48.mshr_stall_cycles           3993                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_49.mshr_stall_cycles           1784                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_50.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_51.mshr_stall_cycles           6302                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_52.mshr_stall_cycles           3329                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_53.mshr_stall_cycles            508                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_54.mshr_stall_cycles           1748                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_55.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_56.mshr_stall_cycles           7502                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_57.mshr_stall_cycles           3014                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_58.mshr_stall_cycles           4370                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_59.mshr_stall_cycles           1635                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_60.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_61.mshr_stall_cycles           5464                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_62.mshr_stall_cycles           3361                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_63.mshr_stall_cycles           4749                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_64.mshr_stall_cycles           1790                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_65.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_66.mshr_stall_cycles           5586                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_67.mshr_stall_cycles           3297                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_68.mshr_stall_cycles           4535                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_69.mshr_stall_cycles           1775                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_70.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_71.mshr_stall_cycles           6682                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_72.mshr_stall_cycles           2995                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_73.mshr_stall_cycles           4196                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_74.mshr_stall_cycles           1708                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_75.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_76.mshr_stall_cycles           7159                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_77.mshr_stall_cycles           3240                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_78.mshr_stall_cycles           4423                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_79.mshr_stall_cycles           1732                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219849     25.30%     25.30% |      216357     24.90%     50.20% |      216342     24.90%     75.10% |      216316     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       868864                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56764     25.92%     25.92% |       54097     24.70%     50.62% |       54103     24.70%     75.32% |       54055     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219019                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219876     25.31%     25.31% |      216357     24.90%     50.21% |      216342     24.90%     75.10% |      216315     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       868890                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62660     25.83%     25.83% |       59999     24.73%     50.55% |       60009     24.73%     75.29% |       59962     24.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       242630                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154893     25.10%     25.10% |      154068     24.97%     50.07% |      154047     24.96%     75.03% |      154069     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       617077                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219849     25.30%     25.30% |      216357     24.90%     50.20% |      216342     24.90%     75.10% |      216316     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       868864                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56509     25.90%     25.90% |       53903     24.70%     50.60% |       53913     24.71%     75.31% |       53866     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218191                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154893     25.10%     25.10% |      154068     24.97%     50.07% |      154047     24.96%     75.03% |      154069     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       617077                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219849     25.30%     25.30% |      216357     24.90%     50.20% |      216342     24.90%     75.10% |      216315     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       868863                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56509     25.90%     25.90% |       53903     24.70%     50.60% |       53913     24.71%     75.31% |       53866     24.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218191                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     4152886     74.95%     74.95% |          76      0.00%     74.95% |       95587      1.73%     76.68% |       86371      1.56%     78.24% |       85859      1.55%     79.79% |       86243      1.56%     81.34% |       86243      1.56%     82.90% |       86115      1.55%     84.45% |       86115      1.55%     86.01% |       86115      1.55%     87.56% |       86115      1.55%     89.12% |       86371      1.56%     90.67% |       86115      1.55%     92.23% |       86115      1.55%     93.78% |       86243      1.56%     95.34% |       86243      1.56%     96.90% |       85987      1.55%     98.45% |       85987      1.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5540786                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     4069749    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4069749                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     8184916     99.17%     99.17% |           0      0.00%     99.17% |       12868      0.16%     99.33% |        3713      0.04%     99.37% |        3713      0.04%     99.42% |        3713      0.04%     99.46% |        3713      0.04%     99.51% |        3713      0.04%     99.55% |        3713      0.04%     99.60% |        3713      0.04%     99.64% |        3713      0.04%     99.69% |        3713      0.04%     99.73% |        3713      0.04%     99.78% |        3713      0.04%     99.82% |        3713      0.04%     99.87% |        3713      0.04%     99.91% |        3713      0.04%     99.96% |        3713      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      8253479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       15712     64.53%     64.53% |          71      0.29%     64.82% |        3524     14.47%     79.30% |         300      1.23%     80.53% |         326      1.34%     81.87% |         330      1.36%     83.22% |         298      1.22%     84.45% |         342      1.40%     85.85% |         293      1.20%     87.05% |         359      1.47%     88.53% |         362      1.49%     90.02% |         354      1.45%     91.47% |         332      1.36%     92.83% |         358      1.47%     94.30% |         333      1.37%     95.67% |         324      1.33%     97.00% |         357      1.47%     98.47% |         373      1.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        24348                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      561534     46.30%     46.30% |           0      0.00%     46.30% |       56008      4.62%     50.92% |       39682      3.27%     54.19% |       39666      3.27%     57.46% |       39688      3.27%     60.73% |       39673      3.27%     64.00% |       39674      3.27%     67.27% |       39738      3.28%     70.55% |       39692      3.27%     73.82% |       39681      3.27%     77.09% |       39691      3.27%     80.37% |       39686      3.27%     83.64% |       39692      3.27%     86.91% |       39683      3.27%     90.18% |       39692      3.27%     93.45% |       39705      3.27%     96.73% |       39686      3.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1212871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      0.10%      0.10% |         225      7.62%      7.73% |         225      7.62%     15.35% |         224      7.59%     22.94% |         224      7.59%     30.53% |         226      7.66%     38.19% |         161      5.46%     43.65% |         161      5.46%     49.10% |         189      6.40%     55.51% |         189      6.40%     61.91% |         193      6.54%     68.45% |         161      5.46%     73.91% |         195      6.61%     80.52% |         193      6.54%     87.06% |         189      6.40%     93.46% |         193      6.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14      0.33%      0.33% |           3      0.07%      0.40% |          33      0.79%      1.19% |         242      5.76%      6.95% |         270      6.42%     13.37% |         272      6.47%     19.84% |         240      5.71%     25.55% |         278      6.61%     32.17% |         237      5.64%     37.81% |         298      7.09%     44.90% |         299      7.11%     52.01% |         303      7.21%     59.22% |         264      6.28%     65.50% |         299      7.11%     72.61% |         270      6.42%     79.04% |         265      6.31%     85.34% |         298      7.09%     92.43% |         318      7.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         4203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     92.75%     92.75% |           0      0.00%     92.75% |           1      1.45%     94.20% |           1      1.45%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           2      2.90%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           1      1.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      154516     19.39%     19.39% |          63      0.01%     19.39% |       44560      5.59%     24.98% |       39861      5.00%     29.98% |       39862      5.00%     34.99% |       39866      5.00%     39.99% |       39859      5.00%     44.99% |       39852      5.00%     49.99% |       39870      5.00%     54.99% |       39864      5.00%     59.99% |       39858      5.00%     64.99% |       39871      5.00%     69.99% |       39863      5.00%     74.99% |       39863      5.00%     80.00% |       39858      5.00%     85.00% |       39865      5.00%     90.00% |       39864      5.00%     95.00% |       39862      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       797077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.02%      0.02% |          13      0.31%      0.33% |        3483     82.87%     83.20% |          57      1.36%     84.56% |          47      1.12%     85.68% |          53      1.26%     86.94% |          47      1.12%     88.06% |          63      1.50%     89.56% |          43      1.02%     90.58% |          44      1.05%     91.63% |          47      1.12%     92.74% |          41      0.98%     93.72% |          44      1.05%     94.77% |          44      1.05%     95.81% |          47      1.12%     96.93% |          43      1.02%     97.95% |          44      1.05%     99.00% |          42      1.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         4203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      410763     96.95%     96.95% |           0      0.00%     96.95% |        8426      1.99%     98.94% |         290      0.07%     99.01% |         281      0.07%     99.07% |         293      0.07%     99.14% |         292      0.07%     99.21% |         284      0.07%     99.28% |         347      0.08%     99.36% |         299      0.07%     99.43% |         292      0.07%     99.50% |         304      0.07%     99.57% |         297      0.07%     99.64% |         303      0.07%     99.71% |         300      0.07%     99.78% |         302      0.07%     99.85% |         321      0.08%     99.93% |         297      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          78     38.61%     38.61% |           9      4.46%     43.07% |           8      3.96%     47.03% |           8      3.96%     50.99% |           9      4.46%     55.45% |           9      4.46%     59.90% |           8      3.96%     63.86% |           8      3.96%     67.82% |           7      3.47%     71.29% |           9      4.46%     75.74% |           8      3.96%     79.70% |           8      3.96%     83.66% |           8      3.96%     87.62% |           8      3.96%     91.58% |           8      3.96%     95.54% |           9      4.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21      9.50%      9.50% |           0      0.00%      9.50% |          72     32.58%     42.08% |           9      4.07%     46.15% |           9      4.07%     50.23% |           9      4.07%     54.30% |           9      4.07%     58.37% |          11      4.98%     63.35% |           8      3.62%     66.97% |           8      3.62%     70.59% |           7      3.17%     73.76% |           9      4.07%     77.83% |           8      3.62%     81.45% |           8      3.62%     85.07% |           8      3.62%     88.69% |           8      3.62%     92.31% |           8      3.62%     95.93% |           9      4.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      438147     40.71%     40.71% |           0      0.00%     40.71% |       52364      4.87%     45.58% |       39048      3.63%     49.21% |       39022      3.63%     52.83% |       39025      3.63%     56.46% |       39058      3.63%     60.09% |       39006      3.62%     63.71% |       39145      3.64%     67.35% |       39052      3.63%     70.98% |       39027      3.63%     74.60% |       39029      3.63%     78.23% |       39046      3.63%     81.86% |       39059      3.63%     85.49% |       39048      3.63%     89.12% |       39062      3.63%     92.75% |       39051      3.63%     96.37% |       39019      3.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1076208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      153486     19.13%     19.13% |          38      0.00%     19.13% |       48180      6.00%     25.14% |       40042      4.99%     30.13% |       40024      4.99%     35.12% |       40046      4.99%     40.11% |       40024      4.99%     45.10% |       40032      4.99%     50.09% |       40078      4.99%     55.08% |       40056      4.99%     60.07% |       40038      4.99%     65.06% |       40055      4.99%     70.06% |       40050      4.99%     75.05% |       40049      4.99%     80.04% |       40040      4.99%     85.03% |       40049      4.99%     90.02% |       40044      4.99%     95.01% |       40032      4.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       802363                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122914    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286042     96.40%     96.40% |           0      0.00%     96.40% |        8340      2.81%     99.21% |         152      0.05%     99.26% |         154      0.05%     99.31% |         154      0.05%     99.36% |         161      0.05%     99.42% |         154      0.05%     99.47% |         172      0.06%     99.53% |         148      0.05%     99.58% |         155      0.05%     99.63% |         148      0.05%     99.68% |         148      0.05%     99.73% |         155      0.05%     99.78% |         155      0.05%     99.83% |         155      0.05%     99.89% |         173      0.06%     99.94% |         166      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296732                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11270     58.25%     58.25% |           0      0.00%     58.25% |        3497     18.08%     76.33% |         268      1.39%     77.72% |         296      1.53%     79.25% |         298      1.54%     80.79% |         269      1.39%     82.18% |         312      1.61%     83.79% |         263      1.36%     85.15% |         329      1.70%     86.85% |         330      1.71%     88.56% |         324      1.67%     90.23% |         295      1.52%     91.76% |         328      1.70%     93.45% |         303      1.57%     95.02% |         295      1.52%     96.54% |         328      1.70%     98.24% |         341      1.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        19346                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1626     89.64%     89.64% |          38      2.09%     91.73% |          13      0.72%     92.45% |          13      0.72%     93.16% |          13      0.72%     93.88% |          13      0.72%     94.60% |          13      0.72%     95.31% |          13      0.72%     96.03% |          10      0.55%     96.58% |           3      0.17%     96.75% |           3      0.17%     96.91% |          13      0.72%     97.63% |           6      0.33%     97.96% |           6      0.33%     98.29% |          10      0.55%     98.84% |           6      0.33%     99.17% |          12      0.66%     99.83% |           3      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        1172    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         1172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          42     89.36%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           0      0.00%     89.36% |           1      2.13%     91.49% |           0      0.00%     91.49% |           0      0.00%     91.49% |           0      0.00%     91.49% |           2      4.26%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           0      0.00%     95.74% |           1      2.13%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           0      0.00%     97.87% |           1      2.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         726     18.31%     18.31% |           0      0.00%     18.31% |          14      0.35%     18.67% |         241      6.08%     24.75% |         239      6.03%     30.78% |         240      6.05%     36.83% |         237      5.98%     42.81% |         238      6.00%     48.81% |         179      4.52%     53.33% |         185      4.67%     58.00% |         214      5.40%     63.40% |         203      5.12%     68.52% |         221      5.58%     74.09% |         182      4.59%     78.68% |         212      5.35%     84.03% |         213      5.37%     89.40% |         203      5.12%     94.53% |         217      5.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         3964                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245      1.72%      1.72% |           0      0.00%      1.72% |       44281      6.23%      7.95% |       43864      6.17%     14.12% |       43365      6.10%     20.22% |       43681      6.14%     26.36% |       43752      6.15%     32.51% |       43631      6.14%     38.65% |       43566      6.13%     44.77% |       43607      6.13%     50.91% |       43622      6.13%     57.04% |       43820      6.16%     63.20% |       43609      6.13%     69.33% |       43610      6.13%     75.47% |       43742      6.15%     81.62% |       43739      6.15%     87.77% |       43482      6.11%     93.88% |       43495      6.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       711111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3945599    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3945599                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21     13.82%     13.82% |           0      0.00%     13.82% |           8      5.26%     19.08% |           9      5.92%     25.00% |           8      5.26%     30.26% |           8      5.26%     35.53% |           9      5.92%     41.45% |           9      5.92%     47.37% |           8      5.26%     52.63% |           8      5.26%     57.89% |           7      4.61%     62.50% |           9      5.92%     68.42% |           8      5.26%     73.68% |           8      5.26%     78.95% |           8      5.26%     84.21% |           8      5.26%     89.47% |           8      5.26%     94.74% |           8      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          152                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        2077     80.94%     80.94% |          14      0.55%     81.49% |          26      1.01%     82.50% |          32      1.25%     83.75% |          30      1.17%     84.92% |          32      1.25%     86.17% |          29      1.13%     87.30% |          30      1.17%     88.46% |          30      1.17%     89.63% |          28      1.09%     90.72% |          32      1.25%     91.97% |          30      1.17%     93.14% |          28      1.09%     94.23% |          30      1.17%     95.40% |          30      1.17%     96.57% |          28      1.09%     97.66% |          29      1.13%     98.79% |          31      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         2566                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122545     92.43%     92.43% |           0      0.00%     92.43% |        3630      2.74%     95.17% |         393      0.30%     95.46% |         405      0.31%     95.77% |         423      0.32%     96.09% |         378      0.29%     96.37% |         430      0.32%     96.70% |         414      0.31%     97.01% |         455      0.34%     97.35% |         440      0.33%     97.68% |         459      0.35%     98.03% |         419      0.32%     98.35% |         451      0.34%     98.69% |         423      0.32%     99.01% |         417      0.31%     99.32% |         451      0.34%     99.66% |         450      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       132583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1594944     97.66%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |        3000      0.18%     97.85% |        2339      0.14%     97.99% |        2345      0.14%     98.13% |        2390      0.15%     98.28% |        2342      0.14%     98.42% |        2326      0.14%     98.56% |        2350      0.14%     98.71% |        2337      0.14%     98.85% |        2342      0.14%     99.00% |        2370      0.15%     99.14% |        2338      0.14%     99.28% |        2339      0.14%     99.43% |        2341      0.14%     99.57% |        2337      0.14%     99.71% |        2338      0.14%     99.86% |        2344      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1633122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25176     50.74%     50.74% |           0      0.00%     50.74% |        1538      3.10%     53.83% |        1530      3.08%     56.92% |        1530      3.08%     60.00% |        1530      3.08%     63.08% |        1522      3.07%     66.15% |        1527      3.08%     69.23% |        1514      3.05%     72.28% |        1536      3.10%     75.38% |        1529      3.08%     78.46% |        1535      3.09%     81.55% |        1536      3.10%     84.65% |        1529      3.08%     87.73% |        1529      3.08%     90.81% |        1529      3.08%     93.89% |        1513      3.05%     96.94% |        1519      3.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2101     96.78%     96.78% |          57      2.63%     99.40% |           1      0.05%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           0      0.00%     99.45% |           2      0.09%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           8      0.37%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           1      0.05%     99.95% |           0      0.00%     99.95% |           1      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2171                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127152     17.24%     17.24% |           0      0.00%     17.24% |       42679      5.79%     23.03% |       37818      5.13%     28.15% |       37821      5.13%     33.28% |       37824      5.13%     38.41% |       37825      5.13%     43.54% |       37805      5.13%     48.66% |       37847      5.13%     53.80% |       37882      5.14%     58.93% |       37856      5.13%     64.07% |       37859      5.13%     69.20% |       37843      5.13%     74.33% |       37889      5.14%     79.47% |       37846      5.13%     84.60% |       37859      5.13%     89.73% |       37879      5.14%     94.87% |       37858      5.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       737542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         220      7.64%      7.64% |         220      7.64%     15.28% |         220      7.64%     22.92% |         220      7.64%     30.57% |         220      7.64%     38.21% |         157      5.45%     43.66% |         157      5.45%     49.11% |         185      6.43%     55.54% |         185      6.43%     61.97% |         189      6.56%     68.53% |         157      5.45%     73.98% |         190      6.60%     80.58% |         189      6.56%     87.15% |         185      6.43%     93.57% |         185      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total         2879                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1      0.16%      0.16% |           3      0.48%      0.64% |          27      4.33%      4.98% |          41      6.58%     11.56% |          39      6.26%     17.82% |          40      6.42%     24.24% |          40      6.42%     30.66% |          48      7.70%     38.36% |          37      5.94%     44.30% |          35      5.62%     49.92% |          36      5.78%     55.70% |          40      6.42%     62.12% |          35      5.62%     67.74% |          36      5.78%     73.52% |          40      6.42%     79.94% |          35      5.62%     85.55% |          35      5.62%     91.17% |          55      8.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2389639     99.93%     99.93% |           0      0.00%     99.93% |         113      0.00%     99.93% |         113      0.00%     99.93% |         112      0.00%     99.94% |         113      0.00%     99.94% |         112      0.00%     99.95% |         113      0.00%     99.95% |         111      0.00%     99.96% |         112      0.00%     99.96% |         110      0.00%     99.97% |         113      0.00%     99.97% |         112      0.00%     99.98% |         111      0.00%     99.98% |         110      0.00%     99.99% |         112      0.00%     99.99% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |         113      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2391430                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     7872145     99.58%     99.58% |           0      0.00%     99.58% |        2982      0.04%     99.62% |        2021      0.03%     99.64% |        2021      0.03%     99.67% |        2021      0.03%     99.69% |        2021      0.03%     99.72% |        2021      0.03%     99.74% |        2019      0.03%     99.77% |        2021      0.03%     99.80% |        2021      0.03%     99.82% |        2021      0.03%     99.85% |        2021      0.03%     99.87% |        2021      0.03%     99.90% |        2021      0.03%     99.92% |        2021      0.03%     99.95% |        2019      0.03%     99.97% |        2019      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7905436                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         263     99.62%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           1      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      310995     91.83%     91.83% |           0      0.00%     91.83% |        9685      2.86%     94.69% |        1230      0.36%     95.05% |        1201      0.35%     95.41% |        1201      0.35%     95.76% |        1233      0.36%     96.13% |        1201      0.35%     96.48% |        1298      0.38%     96.86% |        1170      0.35%     97.21% |        1171      0.35%     97.55% |        1170      0.35%     97.90% |        1203      0.36%     98.26% |        1170      0.35%     98.60% |        1202      0.35%     98.96% |        1203      0.36%     99.31% |        1172      0.35%     99.66% |        1161      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       338666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3      4.17%      4.17% |           5      6.94%     11.11% |           5      6.94%     18.06% |           4      5.56%     23.61% |           4      5.56%     29.17% |           6      8.33%     37.50% |           4      5.56%     43.06% |           4      5.56%     48.61% |           4      5.56%     54.17% |           4      5.56%     59.72% |           4      5.56%     65.28% |           4      5.56%     70.83% |           5      6.94%     77.78% |           4      5.56%     83.33% |           4      5.56%     88.89% |           8     11.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           72                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13      0.36%      0.36% |           0      0.00%      0.36% |           6      0.17%      0.53% |         201      5.62%      6.15% |         231      6.45%     12.60% |         232      6.48%     19.08% |         200      5.59%     24.67% |         230      6.43%     31.10% |         200      5.59%     36.69% |         263      7.35%     44.03% |         262      7.32%     51.36% |         263      7.35%     58.70% |         229      6.40%     65.10% |         263      7.35%     72.45% |         230      6.43%     78.88% |         230      6.43%     85.30% |         263      7.35%     92.65% |         263      7.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         3579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         103    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          103                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      154516     19.39%     19.39% |          63      0.01%     19.39% |       44560      5.59%     24.98% |       39861      5.00%     29.98% |       39862      5.00%     34.99% |       39866      5.00%     39.99% |       39859      5.00%     44.99% |       39852      5.00%     49.99% |       39870      5.00%     54.99% |       39864      5.00%     59.99% |       39858      5.00%     64.99% |       39871      5.00%     69.99% |       39863      5.00%     74.99% |       39863      5.00%     80.00% |       39858      5.00%     85.00% |       39865      5.00%     90.00% |       39864      5.00%     95.00% |       39862      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       797077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      0.02%      0.02% |          13      0.31%      0.33% |        3483     82.87%     83.20% |          57      1.36%     84.56% |          47      1.12%     85.68% |          53      1.26%     86.94% |          47      1.12%     88.06% |          63      1.50%     89.56% |          43      1.02%     90.58% |          44      1.05%     91.63% |          47      1.12%     92.74% |          41      0.98%     93.72% |          44      1.05%     94.77% |          44      1.05%     95.81% |          47      1.12%     96.93% |          43      1.02%     97.95% |          44      1.05%     99.00% |          42      1.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         4203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      124679     98.19%     98.19% |           0      0.00%     98.19% |         150      0.12%     98.31% |         137      0.11%     98.41% |         128      0.10%     98.51% |         140      0.11%     98.62% |         131      0.10%     98.73% |         130      0.10%     98.83% |         175      0.14%     98.97% |         151      0.12%     99.09% |         136      0.11%     99.19% |         156      0.12%     99.32% |         149      0.12%     99.43% |         148      0.12%     99.55% |         145      0.11%     99.66% |         147      0.12%     99.78% |         148      0.12%     99.90% |         131      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126981                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          64     92.75%     92.75% |           0      0.00%     92.75% |           1      1.45%     94.20% |           1      1.45%     95.65% |           0      0.00%     95.65% |           2      2.90%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           0      0.00%     98.55% |           1      1.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286084     96.42%     96.42% |           0      0.00%     96.42% |        8276      2.79%     99.21% |         153      0.05%     99.26% |         153      0.05%     99.31% |         153      0.05%     99.36% |         161      0.05%     99.42% |         154      0.05%     99.47% |         172      0.06%     99.53% |         148      0.05%     99.58% |         156      0.05%     99.63% |         148      0.05%     99.68% |         148      0.05%     99.73% |         155      0.05%     99.78% |         155      0.05%     99.83% |         155      0.05%     99.89% |         173      0.06%     99.94% |         166      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       296710                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          77     38.50%     38.50% |           9      4.50%     43.00% |           8      4.00%     47.00% |           8      4.00%     51.00% |           9      4.50%     55.50% |           9      4.50%     60.00% |           8      4.00%     64.00% |           8      4.00%     68.00% |           7      3.50%     71.50% |           9      4.50%     76.00% |           8      4.00%     80.00% |           8      4.00%     84.00% |           8      4.00%     88.00% |           8      4.00%     92.00% |           8      4.00%     96.00% |           8      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          200                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21      9.50%      9.50% |           0      0.00%      9.50% |          72     32.58%     42.08% |           9      4.07%     46.15% |           9      4.07%     50.23% |           9      4.07%     54.30% |           9      4.07%     58.37% |          11      4.98%     63.35% |           8      3.62%     66.97% |           8      3.62%     70.59% |           7      3.17%     73.76% |           9      4.07%     77.83% |           8      3.62%     81.45% |           8      3.62%     85.07% |           8      3.62%     88.69% |           8      3.62%     92.31% |           8      3.62%     95.93% |           9      4.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          221                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         946    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          946                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          64    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           64                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1490    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1490                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      438146     40.71%     40.71% |           0      0.00%     40.71% |       52364      4.87%     45.58% |       39048      3.63%     49.21% |       39022      3.63%     52.83% |       39025      3.63%     56.46% |       39058      3.63%     60.09% |       39006      3.62%     63.71% |       39145      3.64%     67.35% |       39052      3.63%     70.98% |       39026      3.63%     74.60% |       39029      3.63%     78.23% |       39046      3.63%     81.86% |       39059      3.63%     85.49% |       39048      3.63%     89.12% |       39062      3.63%     92.75% |       39051      3.63%     96.37% |       39019      3.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1076206                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3855      3.11%      3.11% |        3783      3.05%      6.15% |        3480      2.80%      8.96% |        3498      2.82%     11.78% |        3590      2.89%     14.67% |        3972      3.20%     17.87% |        3756      3.03%     20.89% |        3266      2.63%     23.53% |        3527      2.84%     26.37% |        5149      4.15%     30.52% |        3907      3.15%     33.66% |        3820      3.08%     36.74% |        3489      2.81%     39.55% |        4344      3.50%     43.05% |        3899      3.14%     46.19% |        3742      3.01%     49.21% |        4161      3.35%     52.56% |        4181      3.37%     55.93% |        3551      2.86%     58.79% |        3263      2.63%     61.42% |        3091      2.49%     63.91% |        3719      3.00%     66.91% |        3533      2.85%     69.75% |        3405      2.74%     72.50% |        3642      2.93%     75.43% |        3745      3.02%     78.45% |        3284      2.65%     81.10% |        4739      3.82%     84.91% |        3958      3.19%     88.10% |        5238      4.22%     92.32% |        5072      4.09%     96.41% |        4457      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64982      8.08%      8.08% |       24859      3.09%     11.17% |       23715      2.95%     14.12% |       24484      3.04%     17.16% |       23816      2.96%     20.13% |       23510      2.92%     23.05% |       23086      2.87%     25.92% |       23150      2.88%     28.80% |       24574      3.06%     31.85% |       23666      2.94%     34.80% |       25077      3.12%     37.91% |       24536      3.05%     40.97% |       23547      2.93%     43.89% |       23279      2.89%     46.79% |       22838      2.84%     49.63% |       23206      2.89%     52.51% |       25146      3.13%     55.64% |       23749      2.95%     58.59% |       23939      2.98%     61.57% |       23959      2.98%     64.55% |       23668      2.94%     67.49% |       23621      2.94%     70.43% |       23528      2.93%     73.35% |       23292      2.90%     76.25% |       24403      3.03%     79.29% |       23615      2.94%     82.22% |       23352      2.90%     85.13% |       22919      2.85%     87.98% |       23516      2.92%     90.90% |       23070      2.87%     93.77% |       23842      2.96%     96.73% |       26277      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       804221                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14707      4.96%      4.96% |        8840      2.98%      7.93% |        9239      3.11%     11.05% |        8682      2.93%     13.97% |        9391      3.16%     17.14% |        8851      2.98%     20.12% |        8956      3.02%     23.14% |        8615      2.90%     26.04% |        9442      3.18%     29.22% |        8760      2.95%     32.17% |        9305      3.14%     35.31% |        8687      2.93%     38.23% |        9220      3.11%     41.34% |        8534      2.88%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.26% |        8580      2.89%     50.15% |        9207      3.10%     53.25% |        8630      2.91%     56.16% |        9342      3.15%     59.31% |        8877      2.99%     62.30% |        9432      3.18%     65.48% |        8938      3.01%     68.49% |        9566      3.22%     71.71% |        8814      2.97%     74.68% |        9313      3.14%     77.82% |        8795      2.96%     80.78% |        9559      3.22%     84.00% |        8994      3.03%     87.04% |        9720      3.27%     90.31% |        8905      3.00%     93.31% |       10504      3.54%     96.85% |        9351      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       296801                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         133     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      0.66%     88.16% |           1      0.66%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           2      1.32%     90.13% |           1      0.66%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           7      4.61%     95.39% |           1      0.66%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           1      0.66%     96.71% |           0      0.00%     96.71% |           2      1.32%     98.03% |           1      0.66%     98.68% |           1      0.66%     99.34% |           1      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       76471      7.11%      7.11% |       32812      3.05%     10.15% |       32104      2.98%     13.14% |       32288      3.00%     16.14% |       32532      3.02%     19.16% |       31446      2.92%     22.08% |       31404      2.92%     25.00% |       31111      2.89%     27.89% |       33359      3.10%     30.99% |       31792      2.95%     33.95% |       33712      3.13%     37.08% |       32562      3.03%     40.10% |       32133      2.99%     43.09% |       31179      2.90%     45.99% |       31212      2.90%     48.89% |       31112      2.89%     51.78% |       33708      3.13%     54.91% |       31547      2.93%     57.84% |       32414      3.01%     60.85% |       31983      2.97%     63.82% |       32472      3.02%     66.84% |       31917      2.97%     69.81% |       32452      3.02%     72.82% |       31445      2.92%     75.74% |       33083      3.07%     78.82% |       31780      2.95%     81.77% |       32289      3.00%     84.77% |       31261      2.90%     87.68% |       32613      3.03%     90.71% |       31352      2.91%     93.62% |       33720      3.13%     96.75% |       34943      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1076208                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9323      4.28%      4.28% |        6729      3.09%      7.36% |        6746      3.09%     10.46% |        6736      3.09%     13.55% |        6716      3.08%     16.63% |        6728      3.09%     19.71% |        6737      3.09%     22.80% |        6727      3.09%     25.89% |        6742      3.09%     28.98% |        6741      3.09%     32.07% |        6746      3.09%     35.17% |        6742      3.09%     38.26% |        6728      3.09%     41.35% |        6731      3.09%     44.43% |        6727      3.09%     47.52% |        6729      3.09%     50.60% |        6753      3.10%     53.70% |        6727      3.09%     56.79% |        6743      3.09%     59.88% |        6731      3.09%     62.97% |        6729      3.09%     66.05% |        6749      3.10%     69.15% |        6735      3.09%     72.24% |        6732      3.09%     75.33% |        6737      3.09%     78.42% |        6733      3.09%     81.50% |        6731      3.09%     84.59% |        6724      3.08%     87.68% |        6731      3.09%     90.76% |        6715      3.08%     93.84% |        6713      3.08%     96.92% |        6710      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       218021                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       20112      3.26%      3.26% |       19282      3.12%      6.38% |       19321      3.13%      9.51% |       19292      3.13%     12.64% |       19286      3.12%     15.76% |       19242      3.12%     18.88% |       19231      3.12%     22.00% |       19256      3.12%     25.12% |       19248      3.12%     28.23% |       19280      3.12%     31.36% |       19312      3.13%     34.49% |       19280      3.12%     37.61% |       19295      3.13%     40.74% |       19274      3.12%     43.86% |       19264      3.12%     46.98% |       19265      3.12%     50.10% |       19256      3.12%     53.22% |       19289      3.13%     56.34% |       19242      3.12%     59.46% |       19242      3.12%     62.58% |       19233      3.12%     65.70% |       19223      3.11%     68.81% |       19219      3.11%     71.92% |       19241      3.12%     75.04% |       19275      3.12%     78.16% |       19278      3.12%     81.29% |       19259      3.12%     84.41% |       19241      3.12%     87.52% |       19238      3.12%     90.64% |       19250      3.12%     93.76% |       19234      3.12%     96.88% |       19287      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       617247                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       30551      3.52%      3.52% |       27061      3.11%      6.63% |       27114      3.12%      9.75% |       27076      3.12%     12.87% |       27049      3.11%     15.98% |       27017      3.11%     19.09% |       27016      3.11%     22.20% |       27031      3.11%     25.31% |       27038      3.11%     28.42% |       27069      3.12%     31.54% |       27105      3.12%     34.66% |       27070      3.12%     37.77% |       27070      3.12%     40.89% |       27052      3.11%     44.00% |       27038      3.11%     47.11% |       27041      3.11%     50.23% |       27056      3.11%     53.34% |       27064      3.11%     56.46% |       27033      3.11%     59.57% |       27021      3.11%     62.68% |       27010      3.11%     65.79% |       27021      3.11%     68.89% |       27002      3.11%     72.00% |       27020      3.11%     75.11% |       27059      3.11%     78.23% |       27060      3.11%     81.34% |       27039      3.11%     84.45% |       27011      3.11%     87.56% |       27016      3.11%     90.67% |       27013      3.11%     93.78% |       26995      3.11%     96.89% |       27045      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       868863                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       29527      3.53%      3.53% |       26037      3.11%      6.65% |       26090      3.12%      9.77% |       26052      3.12%     12.88% |       26025      3.11%     15.99% |       25993      3.11%     19.10% |       25992      3.11%     22.21% |       26007      3.11%     25.32% |       26014      3.11%     28.43% |       26045      3.12%     31.55% |       26081      3.12%     34.67% |       26046      3.12%     37.78% |       26046      3.12%     40.90% |       26028      3.11%     44.01% |       26014      3.11%     47.12% |       26017      3.11%     50.24% |       26032      3.11%     53.35% |       26040      3.11%     56.46% |       26009      3.11%     59.57% |       25997      3.11%     62.68% |       25986      3.11%     65.79% |       25997      3.11%     68.90% |       25978      3.11%     72.01% |       25996      3.11%     75.12% |       26035      3.11%     78.23% |       26036      3.11%     81.34% |       26015      3.11%     84.46% |       25987      3.11%     87.56% |       25992      3.11%     90.67% |       25989      3.11%     93.78% |       25971      3.11%     96.89% |       26021      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       836095                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         277      7.21%      7.21% |         116      3.02%     10.23% |         119      3.10%     13.32% |         119      3.10%     16.42% |         133      3.46%     19.88% |         130      3.38%     23.26% |         111      2.89%     26.15% |         115      2.99%     29.14% |         117      3.04%     32.19% |         113      2.94%     35.13% |         114      2.97%     38.10% |         112      2.91%     41.01% |         116      3.02%     44.03% |         109      2.84%     46.86% |         111      2.89%     49.75% |         109      2.84%     52.59% |         110      2.86%     55.45% |         112      2.91%     58.37% |         115      2.99%     61.36% |         113      2.94%     64.30% |         110      2.86%     67.16% |         115      2.99%     70.15% |         113      2.94%     73.09% |         112      2.91%     76.01% |         113      2.94%     78.95% |         116      3.02%     81.97% |         115      2.99%     84.96% |         116      3.02%     87.98% |         117      3.04%     91.02% |         115      2.99%     94.02% |         120      3.12%     97.14% |         110      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         3843                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         603     96.48%     96.48% |           3      0.48%     96.96% |           1      0.16%     97.12% |           0      0.00%     97.12% |           0      0.00%     97.12% |           0      0.00%     97.12% |           0      0.00%     97.12% |           0      0.00%     97.12% |           0      0.00%     97.12% |           0      0.00%     97.12% |           0      0.00%     97.12% |           0      0.00%     97.12% |           0      0.00%     97.12% |           0      0.00%     97.12% |           1      0.16%     97.28% |           0      0.00%     97.28% |           1      0.16%     97.44% |           6      0.96%     98.40% |           6      0.96%     99.36% |           4      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          625                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         597     13.68%     13.68% |         157      3.60%     17.27% |         153      3.51%     20.78% |         153      3.51%     24.28% |         108      2.47%     26.76% |         108      2.47%     29.23% |         108      2.47%     31.71% |         108      2.47%     34.18% |         108      2.47%     36.66% |         108      2.47%     39.13% |         108      2.47%     41.60% |         108      2.47%     44.08% |         111      2.54%     46.62% |         108      2.47%     49.10% |         109      2.50%     51.59% |         108      2.47%     54.07% |         108      2.47%     56.54% |         198      4.54%     61.08% |         199      4.56%     65.64% |         199      4.56%     70.19% |         108      2.47%     72.67% |         108      2.47%     75.14% |         110      2.52%     77.66% |         108      2.47%     80.14% |         108      2.47%     82.61% |         109      2.50%     85.11% |         108      2.47%     87.58% |         108      2.47%     90.06% |         110      2.52%     92.58% |         108      2.47%     95.05% |         108      2.47%     97.53% |         108      2.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         4365                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1113      5.72%      5.72% |         570      2.93%      8.65% |         576      2.96%     11.62% |         592      3.04%     14.66% |         579      2.98%     17.64% |         570      2.93%     20.57% |         562      2.89%     23.46% |         592      3.04%     26.50% |         585      3.01%     29.51% |         573      2.95%     32.46% |         614      3.16%     35.61% |         620      3.19%     38.80% |         621      3.19%     42.00% |         610      3.14%     45.13% |         595      3.06%     48.19% |         625      3.21%     51.41% |         607      3.12%     54.53% |         620      3.19%     57.72% |         580      2.98%     60.70% |         589      3.03%     63.73% |         566      2.91%     66.64% |         581      2.99%     69.63% |         562      2.89%     72.52% |         596      3.06%     75.58% |         600      3.09%     78.67% |         596      3.06%     81.73% |         590      3.03%     84.76% |         596      3.06%     87.83% |         569      2.93%     90.75% |         591      3.04%     93.79% |         578      2.97%     96.77% |         629      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        19447                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         820     19.51%     19.51% |         113      2.69%     22.20% |         109      2.59%     24.79% |         108      2.57%     27.36% |         108      2.57%     29.93% |         108      2.57%     32.50% |         108      2.57%     35.07% |         108      2.57%     37.64% |         108      2.57%     40.21% |         108      2.57%     42.78% |         108      2.57%     45.35% |         108      2.57%     47.92% |         112      2.66%     50.58% |         108      2.57%     53.15% |         109      2.59%     55.75% |         108      2.57%     58.32% |         109      2.59%     60.91% |         114      2.71%     63.62% |         115      2.74%     66.36% |         113      2.69%     69.05% |         108      2.57%     71.62% |         108      2.57%     74.19% |         110      2.62%     76.80% |         108      2.57%     79.37% |         108      2.57%     81.94% |         109      2.59%     84.53% |         108      2.57%     87.10% |         108      2.57%     89.67% |         110      2.62%     92.29% |         108      2.57%     94.86% |         108      2.57%     97.43% |         108      2.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         4203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       77777      7.11%      7.11% |       33355      3.05%     10.16% |       32635      2.98%     13.14% |       32840      3.00%     16.14% |       33066      3.02%     19.17% |       31990      2.92%     22.09% |       31920      2.92%     25.01% |       31651      2.89%     27.90% |       33904      3.10%     31.00% |       32317      2.95%     33.95% |       34258      3.13%     37.09% |       33111      3.03%     40.11% |       32654      2.98%     43.10% |       31704      2.90%     45.99% |       31737      2.90%     48.90% |       31663      2.89%     51.79% |       34235      3.13%     54.92% |       32082      2.93%     57.85% |       32937      3.01%     60.86% |       32533      2.97%     63.84% |       32991      3.02%     66.85% |       32436      2.96%     69.82% |       32974      3.01%     72.83% |       31996      2.92%     75.76% |       33603      3.07%     78.83% |       32300      2.95%     81.78% |       32802      3.00%     84.78% |       31797      2.91%     87.68% |       33125      3.03%     90.71% |       31866      2.91%     93.62% |       34236      3.13%     96.75% |       35513      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1094008                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         428      3.21%      3.21% |         382      2.86%      6.07% |         404      3.03%      9.10% |         400      3.00%     12.10% |         419      3.14%     15.25% |         395      2.96%     18.21% |         400      3.00%     21.21% |         414      3.10%     24.31% |         401      3.01%     27.32% |         406      3.04%     30.36% |         426      3.19%     33.56% |         424      3.18%     36.74% |         457      3.43%     40.16% |         440      3.30%     43.46% |         426      3.19%     46.66% |         428      3.21%     49.87% |         434      3.25%     53.12% |         442      3.31%     56.44% |         413      3.10%     59.54% |         392      2.94%     62.47% |         400      3.00%     65.47% |         419      3.14%     68.62% |         395      2.96%     71.58% |         401      3.01%     74.59% |         433      3.25%     77.83% |         433      3.25%     81.08% |         436      3.27%     84.35% |         417      3.13%     87.48% |         408      3.06%     90.54% |         432      3.24%     93.78% |         423      3.17%     96.95% |         407      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        13335                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24121      3.63%      3.63% |       20747      3.12%      6.74% |       20772      3.12%      9.87% |       20728      3.12%     12.98% |       20684      3.11%     16.09% |       20671      3.11%     19.20% |       20676      3.11%     22.30% |       20690      3.11%     25.41% |       20691      3.11%     28.52% |       20719      3.11%     31.64% |       20750      3.12%     34.76% |       20697      3.11%     37.87% |       20676      3.11%     40.97% |       20678      3.11%     44.08% |       20680      3.11%     47.19% |       20681      3.11%     50.30% |       20676      3.11%     53.40% |       20677      3.11%     56.51% |       20675      3.11%     59.62% |       20692      3.11%     62.73% |       20667      3.11%     65.84% |       20650      3.10%     68.94% |       20675      3.11%     72.05% |       20679      3.11%     75.15% |       20679      3.11%     78.26% |       20684      3.11%     81.37% |       20652      3.10%     84.48% |       20655      3.10%     87.58% |       20669      3.11%     90.69% |       20638      3.10%     93.79% |       20624      3.10%     96.89% |       20710      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       665363                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6002      3.16%      3.16% |        5932      3.12%      6.28% |        5938      3.12%      9.40% |        5948      3.13%     12.53% |        5946      3.13%     15.65% |        5951      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5946      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.27% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5937      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5945      3.13%     56.26% |        5945      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.13%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.76% |        5932      3.12%     71.88% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.13% |        5943      3.13%     81.25% |        5951      3.13%     84.38% |        5940      3.12%     87.51% |        5939      3.12%     90.63% |        5943      3.13%     93.75% |        5948      3.13%     96.88% |        5928      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.07%      6.16% |        3072      2.78%      8.93% |        3091      2.79%     11.73% |        3169      2.86%     14.59% |        3570      3.23%     17.82% |        3352      3.03%     20.85% |        2852      2.58%     23.42% |        3126      2.83%     26.25% |        4741      4.28%     30.53% |        3479      3.14%     33.68% |        3394      3.07%     36.75% |        3020      2.73%     39.48% |        3904      3.53%     43.00% |        3469      3.14%     46.14% |        3312      2.99%     49.13% |        3726      3.37%     52.50% |        3739      3.38%     55.88% |        3126      2.83%     58.70% |        2866      2.59%     61.29% |        2682      2.42%     63.72% |        3298      2.98%     66.70% |        3136      2.83%     69.53% |        3002      2.71%     72.25% |        3205      2.90%     75.14% |        3311      2.99%     78.14% |        2845      2.57%     80.71% |        4320      3.90%     84.61% |        3545      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.20%     96.35% |        4044      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110647                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1213     42.59%     42.59% |         221      7.76%     50.35% |         190      6.67%     57.02% |         195      6.85%     63.87% |          14      0.49%     64.36% |         248      8.71%     73.07% |          14      0.49%     73.56% |           5      0.18%     73.74% |           3      0.11%     73.84% |           1      0.04%     73.88% |          16      0.56%     74.44% |           4      0.14%     74.58% |           1      0.04%     74.61% |           1      0.04%     74.65% |          39      1.37%     76.02% |          16      0.56%     76.58% |           9      0.32%     76.90% |         180      6.32%     83.22% |         233      8.18%     91.40% |         185      6.50%     97.89% |           1      0.04%     97.93% |          15      0.53%     98.46% |          10      0.35%     98.81% |           2      0.07%     98.88% |           5      0.18%     99.05% |           1      0.04%     99.09% |           2      0.07%     99.16% |           8      0.28%     99.44% |           3      0.11%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           3      0.11%     99.72% |           8      0.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2848                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          73     70.87%     70.87% |           6      5.83%     76.70% |           2      1.94%     78.64% |           5      4.85%     83.50% |           0      0.00%     83.50% |           1      0.97%     84.47% |           1      0.97%     85.44% |           0      0.00%     85.44% |           0      0.00%     85.44% |           1      0.97%     86.41% |           0      0.00%     86.41% |           0      0.00%     86.41% |           5      4.85%     91.26% |           0      0.00%     91.26% |           0      0.00%     91.26% |           0      0.00%     91.26% |           0      0.00%     91.26% |           0      0.00%     91.26% |           3      2.91%     94.17% |           1      0.97%     95.15% |           0      0.00%     95.15% |           0      0.00%     95.15% |           0      0.00%     95.15% |           0      0.00%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           0      0.00%     96.12% |           1      0.97%     97.09% |           1      0.97%     98.06% |           2      1.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         133     87.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      0.66%     88.16% |           1      0.66%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           0      0.00%     88.82% |           2      1.32%     90.13% |           1      0.66%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           0      0.00%     90.79% |           7      4.61%     95.39% |           1      0.66%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           0      0.00%     96.05% |           1      0.66%     96.71% |           0      0.00%     96.71% |           2      1.32%     98.03% |           1      0.66%     98.68% |           1      0.66%     99.34% |           1      0.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          152                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          93      2.68%      2.68% |         112      3.22%      5.90% |         109      3.14%      9.03% |         110      3.16%     12.20% |         108      3.11%     15.30% |         111      3.19%     18.50% |         108      3.11%     21.61% |         108      3.11%     24.71% |         108      3.11%     27.82% |         109      3.14%     30.96% |         108      3.11%     34.06% |         108      3.11%     37.17% |         113      3.25%     40.42% |         108      3.11%     43.53% |         110      3.16%     46.69% |         109      3.14%     49.83% |         108      3.11%     52.93% |         109      3.14%     56.07% |         110      3.16%     59.23% |         110      3.16%     62.40% |         108      3.11%     65.51% |         109      3.14%     68.64% |         110      3.16%     71.81% |         108      3.11%     74.91% |         109      3.14%     78.05% |         109      3.14%     81.19% |         108      3.11%     84.29% |         109      3.14%     87.43% |         112      3.22%     90.65% |         108      3.11%     93.76% |         108      3.11%     96.86% |         109      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total         3476                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         889      6.44%      6.44% |         385      2.79%      9.23% |         406      2.94%     12.17% |         400      2.90%     15.07% |         419      3.04%     18.11% |         397      2.88%     20.99% |         401      2.91%     23.89% |         413      2.99%     26.88% |         399      2.89%     29.78% |         404      2.93%     32.70% |         427      3.09%     35.80% |         426      3.09%     38.88% |         453      3.28%     42.17% |         439      3.18%     45.35% |         425      3.08%     48.43% |         427      3.09%     51.52% |         435      3.15%     54.67% |         445      3.22%     57.90% |         419      3.04%     60.93% |         397      2.88%     63.81% |         398      2.88%     66.70% |         418      3.03%     69.72% |         395      2.86%     72.59% |         401      2.91%     75.49% |         433      3.14%     78.63% |         433      3.14%     81.77% |         436      3.16%     84.93% |         416      3.01%     87.94% |         406      2.94%     90.88% |         431      3.12%     94.01% |         420      3.04%     97.05% |         407      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        13800                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.83%      5.83% |           9      8.74%     14.56% |           4      3.88%     18.45% |           7      6.80%     25.24% |           2      1.94%     27.18% |           7      6.80%     33.98% |           4      3.88%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           0      0.00%     37.86% |           2      1.94%     39.81% |           2      1.94%     41.75% |           2      1.94%     43.69% |           4      3.88%     47.57% |           0      0.00%     47.57% |           4      3.88%     51.46% |           2      1.94%     53.40% |           1      0.97%     54.37% |           0      0.00%     54.37% |          12     11.65%     66.02% |           5      4.85%     70.87% |           1      0.97%     71.84% |           2      1.94%     73.79% |           2      1.94%     75.73% |           2      1.94%     77.67% |           4      3.88%     81.55% |           1      0.97%     82.52% |           3      2.91%     85.44% |           2      1.94%     87.38% |           5      4.85%     92.23% |           3      2.91%     95.15% |           1      0.97%     96.12% |           4      3.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          103                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       38817     29.47%     29.47% |        3769      2.86%     32.33% |        2626      1.99%     34.32% |        3433      2.61%     36.93% |        3004      2.28%     39.21% |        2477      1.88%     41.09% |        2288      1.74%     42.83% |        2346      1.78%     44.61% |        3771      2.86%     47.47% |        2838      2.15%     49.63% |        4203      3.19%     52.82% |        3727      2.83%     55.65% |        2758      2.09%     57.74% |        2492      1.89%     59.63% |        2010      1.53%     61.16% |        2401      1.82%     62.98% |        4352      3.30%     66.28% |        2775      2.11%     68.39% |        2913      2.21%     70.60% |        2964      2.25%     72.85% |        2892      2.20%     75.05% |        2848      2.16%     77.21% |        2733      2.07%     79.28% |        2503      1.90%     81.18% |        3611      2.74%     83.93% |        2821      2.14%     86.07% |        2590      1.97%     88.03% |        2148      1.63%     89.66% |        2734      2.08%     91.74% |        2322      1.76%     93.50% |        3107      2.36%     95.86% |        5451      4.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       131724                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8517      8.22%      8.22% |        2810      2.71%     10.94% |        3207      3.10%     14.03% |        2637      2.55%     16.58% |        3340      3.23%     19.81% |        2798      2.70%     22.51% |        2923      2.82%     25.33% |        2596      2.51%     27.84% |        3404      3.29%     31.12% |        2723      2.63%     33.75% |        3284      3.17%     36.92% |        2646      2.56%     39.48% |        3186      3.08%     42.56% |        2508      2.42%     44.98% |        3021      2.92%     47.90% |        2556      2.47%     50.36% |        3169      3.06%     53.42% |        2593      2.50%     55.93% |        3302      3.19%     59.12% |        2847      2.75%     61.87% |        3397      3.28%     65.15% |        2894      2.79%     67.94% |        3542      3.42%     71.36% |        2782      2.69%     74.05% |        3273      3.16%     77.21% |        2760      2.67%     79.87% |        3515      3.39%     83.27% |        2961      2.86%     86.13% |        3691      3.56%     89.69% |        2874      2.78%     92.47% |        4468      4.31%     96.78% |        3335      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       103559                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9227      4.30%      4.30% |        6612      3.08%      7.39% |        6632      3.09%     10.48% |        6623      3.09%     13.57% |        6605      3.08%     16.65% |        6612      3.08%     19.73% |        6624      3.09%     22.82% |        6616      3.09%     25.91% |        6630      3.09%     29.00% |        6631      3.09%     32.09% |        6635      3.09%     35.19% |        6632      3.09%     38.28% |        6613      3.08%     41.36% |        6621      3.09%     44.45% |        6613      3.08%     47.54% |        6615      3.09%     50.62% |        6642      3.10%     53.72% |        6616      3.09%     56.80% |        6631      3.09%     59.90% |        6618      3.09%     62.98% |        6618      3.09%     66.07% |        6636      3.09%     69.16% |        6621      3.09%     72.25% |        6617      3.09%     75.34% |        6624      3.09%     78.43% |        6621      3.09%     81.51% |        6619      3.09%     84.60% |        6611      3.08%     87.68% |        6613      3.08%     90.77% |        6602      3.08%     93.85% |        6598      3.08%     96.93% |        6593      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       214421                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       19091      3.18%      3.18% |       18823      3.13%      6.31% |       18848      3.14%      9.44% |       18802      3.13%     12.57% |       18793      3.13%     15.70% |       18766      3.12%     18.82% |       18779      3.12%     21.94% |       18768      3.12%     25.06% |       18766      3.12%     28.18% |       18812      3.13%     31.31% |       18803      3.13%     34.44% |       18766      3.12%     37.56% |       18785      3.12%     40.69% |       18773      3.12%     43.81% |       18780      3.12%     46.93% |       18753      3.12%     50.05% |       18758      3.12%     53.17% |       18776      3.12%     56.30% |       18768      3.12%     59.42% |       18762      3.12%     62.54% |       18776      3.12%     65.66% |       18748      3.12%     68.78% |       18768      3.12%     71.90% |       18756      3.12%     75.02% |       18783      3.12%     78.15% |       18787      3.12%     81.27% |       18774      3.12%     84.39% |       18750      3.12%     87.51% |       18780      3.12%     90.64% |       18765      3.12%     93.76% |       18759      3.12%     96.88% |       18773      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       601191                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         820     19.51%     19.51% |         113      2.69%     22.20% |         109      2.59%     24.79% |         108      2.57%     27.36% |         108      2.57%     29.93% |         108      2.57%     32.50% |         108      2.57%     35.07% |         108      2.57%     37.64% |         108      2.57%     40.21% |         108      2.57%     42.78% |         108      2.57%     45.35% |         108      2.57%     47.92% |         112      2.66%     50.58% |         108      2.57%     53.15% |         109      2.59%     55.75% |         108      2.57%     58.32% |         109      2.59%     60.91% |         114      2.71%     63.62% |         115      2.74%     66.36% |         113      2.69%     69.05% |         108      2.57%     71.62% |         108      2.57%     74.19% |         110      2.62%     76.80% |         108      2.57%     79.37% |         108      2.57%     81.94% |         109      2.59%     84.53% |         108      2.57%     87.10% |         108      2.57%     89.67% |         110      2.62%     92.29% |         108      2.57%     94.86% |         108      2.57%     97.43% |         108      2.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         4203                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         115      3.90%      3.90% |          92      3.12%      7.01% |          92      3.12%     10.13% |          92      3.12%     13.25% |          92      3.12%     16.37% |          92      3.12%     19.48% |          92      3.12%     22.60% |          92      3.12%     25.72% |          92      3.12%     28.84% |          92      3.12%     31.96% |          92      3.12%     35.07% |          92      3.12%     38.19% |          92      3.12%     41.31% |          92      3.12%     44.43% |          92      3.12%     47.54% |          92      3.12%     50.66% |          92      3.12%     53.78% |          92      3.12%     56.90% |          92      3.12%     60.01% |          92      3.12%     63.13% |          92      3.12%     66.25% |          92      3.12%     69.37% |          92      3.12%     72.48% |          92      3.12%     75.60% |          92      3.12%     78.72% |          92      3.12%     81.84% |          92      3.12%     84.95% |          92      3.12%     88.07% |          88      2.98%     91.05% |          88      2.98%     94.04% |          88      2.98%     97.02% |          88      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total         2951                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       76469      7.11%      7.11% |       32812      3.05%     10.15% |       32104      2.98%     13.14% |       32288      3.00%     16.14% |       32532      3.02%     19.16% |       31446      2.92%     22.08% |       31404      2.92%     25.00% |       31111      2.89%     27.89% |       33359      3.10%     30.99% |       31792      2.95%     33.94% |       33712      3.13%     37.08% |       32562      3.03%     40.10% |       32133      2.99%     43.09% |       31179      2.90%     45.99% |       31212      2.90%     48.89% |       31112      2.89%     51.78% |       33708      3.13%     54.91% |       31547      2.93%     57.84% |       32414      3.01%     60.85% |       31983      2.97%     63.82% |       32472      3.02%     66.84% |       31917      2.97%     69.81% |       32452      3.02%     72.82% |       31445      2.92%     75.74% |       33083      3.07%     78.82% |       31780      2.95%     81.77% |       32289      3.00%     84.77% |       31261      2.90%     87.68% |       32613      3.03%     90.71% |       31352      2.91%     93.62% |       33720      3.13%     96.75% |       34943      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1076206                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           3      2.42%      2.42% |           5      4.03%      6.45% |           5      4.03%     10.48% |           3      2.42%     12.90% |           3      2.42%     15.32% |           5      4.03%     19.35% |           5      4.03%     23.39% |           3      2.42%     25.81% |           4      3.23%     29.03% |           1      0.81%     29.84% |           3      2.42%     32.26% |           2      1.61%     33.87% |           2      1.61%     35.48% |           2      1.61%     37.10% |           4      3.23%     40.32% |           5      4.03%     44.35% |           3      2.42%     46.77% |           2      1.61%     48.39% |           2      1.61%     50.00% |           3      2.42%     52.42% |           3      2.42%     54.84% |           4      3.23%     58.06% |           4      3.23%     61.29% |           7      5.65%     66.94% |           4      3.23%     70.16% |           3      2.42%     72.58% |           4      3.23%     75.81% |           4      3.23%     79.03% |           6      4.84%     83.87% |           5      4.03%     87.90% |           7      5.65%     93.55% |           8      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         132      5.85%      5.85% |          74      3.28%      9.13% |          67      2.97%     12.10% |          90      3.99%     16.09% |          74      3.28%     19.37% |          79      3.50%     22.87% |          51      2.26%     25.13% |          75      3.32%     28.46% |          83      3.68%     32.14% |          64      2.84%     34.97% |          82      3.63%     38.61% |          88      3.90%     42.51% |          57      2.53%     45.04% |          62      2.75%     47.78% |          59      2.62%     50.40% |          85      3.77%     54.17% |          63      2.79%     56.96% |          68      3.01%     59.97% |          55      2.44%     62.41% |          83      3.68%     66.09% |          59      2.62%     68.71% |          57      2.53%     71.23% |          56      2.48%     73.71% |          84      3.72%     77.44% |          59      2.62%     80.05% |          58      2.57%     82.62% |          49      2.17%     84.80% |          75      3.32%     88.12% |          52      2.30%     90.43% |          54      2.39%     92.82% |          55      2.44%     95.26% |         107      4.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2256                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     25.81%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           0      0.00%     25.81% |           8     25.81%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |           0      0.00%     51.61% |          10     32.26%     83.87% |           3      9.68%     93.55% |           2      6.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           5     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      6.67%     40.00% |           1      6.67%     46.67% |           2     13.33%     60.00% |           4     26.67%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           1      6.67%     93.33% |           1      6.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     42.86%     42.86% |           4     57.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       29527      3.53%      3.53% |       26037      3.11%      6.65% |       26090      3.12%      9.77% |       26052      3.12%     12.88% |       26025      3.11%     15.99% |       25993      3.11%     19.10% |       25992      3.11%     22.21% |       26007      3.11%     25.32% |       26014      3.11%     28.43% |       26045      3.12%     31.55% |       26081      3.12%     34.67% |       26046      3.12%     37.78% |       26046      3.12%     40.90% |       26028      3.11%     44.01% |       26014      3.11%     47.12% |       26017      3.11%     50.24% |       26032      3.11%     53.35% |       26040      3.11%     56.46% |       26009      3.11%     59.57% |       25997      3.11%     62.68% |       25986      3.11%     65.79% |       25997      3.11%     68.90% |       25978      3.11%     72.01% |       25996      3.11%     75.12% |       26035      3.11%     78.23% |       26036      3.11%     81.34% |       26015      3.11%     84.46% |       25987      3.11%     87.56% |       25992      3.11%     90.67% |       25989      3.11%     93.78% |       25971      3.11%     96.89% |       26021      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       836095                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          56     59.57%     59.57% |           2      2.13%     61.70% |           3      3.19%     64.89% |           1      1.06%     65.96% |           1      1.06%     67.02% |           1      1.06%     68.09% |           2      2.13%     70.21% |           0      0.00%     70.21% |           1      1.06%     71.28% |           0      0.00%     71.28% |           1      1.06%     72.34% |           1      1.06%     73.40% |           1      1.06%     74.47% |           0      0.00%     74.47% |           1      1.06%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           0      0.00%     75.53% |           1      1.06%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           0      0.00%     76.60% |           2      2.13%     78.72% |           1      1.06%     79.79% |           2      2.13%     81.91% |           1      1.06%     82.98% |           1      1.06%     84.04% |           2      2.13%     86.17% |           2      2.13%     88.30% |           3      3.19%     91.49% |           3      3.19%     94.68% |           5      5.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      3.49%      3.49% |           3      3.49%      6.98% |           2      2.33%      9.30% |           2      2.33%     11.63% |           2      2.33%     13.95% |           4      4.65%     18.60% |           3      3.49%     22.09% |           3      3.49%     25.58% |           3      3.49%     29.07% |           1      1.16%     30.23% |           2      2.33%     32.56% |           1      1.16%     33.72% |           1      1.16%     34.88% |           2      2.33%     37.21% |           3      3.49%     40.70% |           5      5.81%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           2      2.33%     52.33% |           1      1.16%     53.49% |           3      3.49%     56.98% |           3      3.49%     60.47% |           2      2.33%     62.79% |           3      3.49%     66.28% |           5      5.81%     72.09% |           3      3.49%     75.58% |           2      2.33%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           3      3.49%     86.05% |           2      2.33%     88.37% |           2      2.33%     90.70% |           8      9.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     66.67%     66.67% |           2     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     64.29%     64.29% |           5     35.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      1.76%      1.76% |           4      2.35%      4.12% |           8      4.71%      8.82% |          10      5.88%     14.71% |          24     14.12%     28.82% |          21     12.35%     41.18% |           1      0.59%     41.76% |           7      4.12%     45.88% |           8      4.71%     50.59% |           5      2.94%     53.53% |           5      2.94%     56.47% |           3      1.76%     58.24% |           3      1.76%     60.00% |           1      0.59%     60.59% |           2      1.18%     61.76% |           1      0.59%     62.35% |           2      1.18%     63.53% |           4      2.35%     65.88% |           5      2.94%     68.82% |           4      2.35%     71.18% |           2      1.18%     72.35% |           5      2.94%     75.29% |           2      1.18%     76.47% |           2      1.18%     77.65% |           4      2.35%     80.00% |           6      3.53%     83.53% |           5      2.94%     86.47% |           6      3.53%     90.00% |           4      2.35%     92.35% |           4      2.35%     94.71% |           7      4.12%     98.82% |           2      1.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          170                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         128      6.14%      6.14% |          70      3.36%      9.50% |          59      2.83%     12.33% |          80      3.84%     16.16% |          50      2.40%     18.56% |          58      2.78%     21.34% |          50      2.40%     23.74% |          68      3.26%     27.00% |          75      3.60%     30.60% |          59      2.83%     33.43% |          77      3.69%     37.12% |          85      4.08%     41.20% |          54      2.59%     43.79% |          61      2.93%     46.71% |          57      2.73%     49.45% |          84      4.03%     53.48% |          61      2.93%     56.40% |          64      3.07%     59.47% |          50      2.40%     61.87% |          79      3.79%     65.66% |          57      2.73%     68.39% |          52      2.49%     70.89% |          54      2.59%     73.48% |          82      3.93%     77.41% |          55      2.64%     80.05% |          52      2.49%     82.54% |          44      2.11%     84.65% |          69      3.31%     87.96% |          48      2.30%     90.26% |          50      2.40%     92.66% |          48      2.30%     94.96% |         105      5.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2085                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         476     56.80%     56.80% |          47      5.61%     62.41% |          45      5.37%     67.78% |          45      5.37%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |           0      0.00%     73.15% |          75      8.95%     82.10% |          75      8.95%     91.05% |          75      8.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          838                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         889      6.44%      6.44% |         385      2.79%      9.23% |         406      2.94%     12.17% |         400      2.90%     15.07% |         419      3.04%     18.11% |         397      2.88%     20.99% |         401      2.91%     23.89% |         413      2.99%     26.88% |         399      2.89%     29.78% |         404      2.93%     32.70% |         427      3.09%     35.80% |         426      3.09%     38.88% |         453      3.28%     42.17% |         439      3.18%     45.35% |         425      3.08%     48.43% |         427      3.09%     51.52% |         435      3.15%     54.67% |         445      3.22%     57.90% |         419      3.04%     60.93% |         397      2.88%     63.81% |         398      2.88%     66.70% |         418      3.03%     69.72% |         395      2.86%     72.59% |         401      2.91%     75.49% |         433      3.14%     78.63% |         433      3.14%     81.77% |         436      3.16%     84.93% |         416      3.01%     87.94% |         406      2.94%     90.88% |         431      3.12%     94.01% |         420      3.04%     97.05% |         407      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        13800                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |         121      3.43%      3.43% |         110      3.12%      6.55% |         108      3.06%      9.61% |         108      3.06%     12.67% |         108      3.06%     15.74% |         108      3.06%     18.80% |         108      3.06%     21.86% |         108      3.06%     24.92% |         108      3.06%     27.98% |         108      3.06%     31.05% |         108      3.06%     34.11% |         108      3.06%     37.17% |         111      3.15%     40.32% |         108      3.06%     43.38% |         109      3.09%     46.47% |         108      3.06%     49.53% |         108      3.06%     52.59% |         123      3.49%     56.08% |         124      3.52%     59.60% |         124      3.52%     63.11% |         108      3.06%     66.18% |         108      3.06%     69.24% |         110      3.12%     72.36% |         108      3.06%     75.42% |         108      3.06%     78.48% |         109      3.09%     81.57% |         108      3.06%     84.63% |         108      3.06%     87.69% |         110      3.12%     90.81% |         108      3.06%     93.88% |         108      3.06%     96.94% |         108      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total         3527                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          93      2.68%      2.68% |         112      3.22%      5.90% |         109      3.14%      9.03% |         110      3.16%     12.20% |         108      3.11%     15.30% |         111      3.19%     18.50% |         108      3.11%     21.61% |         108      3.11%     24.71% |         108      3.11%     27.82% |         109      3.14%     30.96% |         108      3.11%     34.06% |         108      3.11%     37.17% |         113      3.25%     40.42% |         108      3.11%     43.53% |         110      3.16%     46.69% |         109      3.14%     49.83% |         108      3.11%     52.93% |         109      3.14%     56.07% |         110      3.16%     59.23% |         110      3.16%     62.40% |         108      3.11%     65.51% |         109      3.14%     68.64% |         110      3.16%     71.81% |         108      3.11%     74.91% |         109      3.14%     78.05% |         109      3.14%     81.19% |         108      3.11%     84.29% |         109      3.14%     87.43% |         112      3.22%     90.65% |         108      3.11%     93.76% |         108      3.11%     96.86% |         109      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total         3476                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1     10.00%     10.00% |           1     10.00%     20.00% |           3     30.00%     50.00% |           4     40.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24120      3.63%      3.63% |       20746      3.12%      6.74% |       20769      3.12%      9.86% |       20724      3.11%     12.98% |       20684      3.11%     16.09% |       20671      3.11%     19.19% |       20676      3.11%     22.30% |       20690      3.11%     25.41% |       20691      3.11%     28.52% |       20719      3.11%     31.64% |       20750      3.12%     34.75% |       20697      3.11%     37.87% |       20676      3.11%     40.97% |       20678      3.11%     44.08% |       20680      3.11%     47.19% |       20681      3.11%     50.30% |       20676      3.11%     53.40% |       20677      3.11%     56.51% |       20675      3.11%     59.62% |       20691      3.11%     62.73% |       20667      3.11%     65.84% |       20650      3.10%     68.94% |       20675      3.11%     72.05% |       20679      3.11%     75.15% |       20679      3.11%     78.26% |       20684      3.11%     81.37% |       20652      3.10%     84.48% |       20655      3.10%     87.58% |       20669      3.11%     90.69% |       20638      3.10%     93.79% |       20624      3.10%     96.89% |       20710      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       665353                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14     48.28%     48.28% |          15     51.72%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GETS::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         429      3.21%      3.21% |         383      2.87%      6.09% |         407      3.05%      9.14% |         404      3.03%     12.16% |         419      3.14%     15.30% |         395      2.96%     18.26% |         400      3.00%     21.26% |         414      3.10%     24.36% |         401      3.01%     27.37% |         406      3.04%     30.41% |         426      3.19%     33.60% |         424      3.18%     36.78% |         457      3.42%     40.21% |         440      3.30%     43.50% |         426      3.19%     46.70% |         428      3.21%     49.90% |         434      3.25%     53.15% |         442      3.31%     56.47% |         413      3.10%     59.56% |         393      2.95%     62.51% |         400      3.00%     65.51% |         419      3.14%     68.65% |         395      2.96%     71.61% |         401      3.01%     74.61% |         433      3.24%     77.86% |         433      3.24%     81.10% |         436      3.27%     84.37% |         416      3.12%     87.49% |         408      3.06%     90.54% |         432      3.24%     93.78% |         423      3.17%     96.95% |         407      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        13344                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6002      3.16%      3.16% |        5932      3.12%      6.28% |        5938      3.12%      9.40% |        5948      3.13%     12.53% |        5946      3.13%     15.65% |        5951      3.13%     18.78% |        5940      3.12%     21.91% |        5927      3.12%     25.02% |        5946      3.13%     28.15% |        5944      3.13%     31.27% |        5929      3.12%     34.39% |        5949      3.13%     37.52% |        5937      3.12%     40.64% |        5934      3.12%     43.76% |        5932      3.12%     46.88% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.13%     53.13% |        5945      3.13%     56.26% |        5945      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.13%     65.63% |        5952      3.13%     68.76% |        5932      3.12%     71.88% |        5940      3.12%     75.00% |        5947      3.13%     78.13% |        5943      3.13%     81.25% |        5951      3.13%     84.38% |        5940      3.12%     87.51% |        5939      3.12%     90.63% |        5943      3.13%     93.75% |        5948      3.13%     96.88% |        5928      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         206     80.78%     80.78% |           6      2.35%     83.14% |           3      1.18%     84.31% |           6      2.35%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           1      0.39%     87.06% |           1      0.39%     87.45% |           0      0.00%     87.45% |           0      0.00%     87.45% |           1      0.39%     87.84% |           0      0.00%     87.84% |           0      0.00%     87.84% |           5      1.96%     89.80% |           0      0.00%     89.80% |           2      0.78%     90.59% |           1      0.39%     90.98% |           0      0.00%     90.98% |           0      0.00%     90.98% |          10      3.92%     94.90% |           2      0.78%     95.69% |           0      0.00%     95.69% |           0      0.00%     95.69% |           0      0.00%     95.69% |           0      0.00%     95.69% |           1      0.39%     96.08% |           0      0.00%     96.08% |           2      0.78%     96.86% |           1      0.39%     97.25% |           4      1.57%     98.82% |           1      0.39%     99.22% |           1      0.39%     99.61% |           1      0.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          255                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           3     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     22.22%     55.56% |           2     22.22%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       77571      7.09%      7.09% |       33349      3.05%     10.14% |       32632      2.98%     13.12% |       32834      3.00%     16.13% |       33066      3.02%     19.15% |       31989      2.92%     22.07% |       31919      2.92%     24.99% |       31651      2.89%     27.89% |       33904      3.10%     30.99% |       32316      2.95%     33.94% |       34258      3.13%     37.07% |       33111      3.03%     40.10% |       32649      2.99%     43.09% |       31704      2.90%     45.98% |       31735      2.90%     48.89% |       31662      2.89%     51.78% |       34235      3.13%     54.91% |       32082      2.93%     57.84% |       32927      3.01%     60.85% |       32531      2.97%     63.83% |       32991      3.02%     66.84% |       32436      2.97%     69.81% |       32974      3.01%     72.83% |       31996      2.93%     75.75% |       33602      3.07%     78.82% |       32300      2.95%     81.78% |       32800      3.00%     84.77% |       31796      2.91%     87.68% |       33121      3.03%     90.71% |       31865      2.91%     93.62% |       34235      3.13%     96.75% |       35512      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1093753                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           1     11.11%     11.11% |           4     44.44%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1     11.11%     66.67% |           1     11.11%     77.78% |           2     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         218      6.11%      6.11% |         110      3.08%      9.19% |         108      3.03%     12.22% |         102      2.86%     15.08% |         108      3.03%     18.11% |         108      3.03%     21.13% |         108      3.03%     24.16% |         108      3.03%     27.19% |         108      3.03%     30.21% |         108      3.03%     33.24% |         106      2.97%     36.21% |         106      2.97%     39.18% |         112      3.14%     42.32% |         108      3.03%     45.35% |         108      3.03%     48.37% |         108      3.03%     51.40% |         108      3.03%     54.43% |         108      3.03%     57.46% |         109      3.05%     60.51% |         109      3.05%     63.57% |         108      3.03%     66.59% |         108      3.03%     69.62% |         110      3.08%     72.70% |         108      3.03%     75.73% |         108      3.03%     78.76% |         108      3.03%     81.78% |         108      3.03%     84.81% |         108      3.03%     87.84% |         110      3.08%     90.92% |         108      3.03%     93.95% |         108      3.03%     96.97% |         108      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         3568                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         601     96.47%     96.47% |           3      0.48%     96.95% |           1      0.16%     97.11% |           0      0.00%     97.11% |           0      0.00%     97.11% |           0      0.00%     97.11% |           0      0.00%     97.11% |           0      0.00%     97.11% |           0      0.00%     97.11% |           0      0.00%     97.11% |           0      0.00%     97.11% |           0      0.00%     97.11% |           0      0.00%     97.11% |           0      0.00%     97.11% |           1      0.16%     97.27% |           0      0.00%     97.27% |           1      0.16%     97.43% |           6      0.96%     98.39% |           6      0.96%     99.36% |           4      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          623                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           6     50.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           0      0.00%     58.33% |           2     16.67%     75.00% |           2     16.67%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     54.55%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           2     18.18%     72.73% |           2     18.18%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      9.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         819     19.54%     19.54% |         113      2.70%     22.24% |         109      2.60%     24.84% |         102      2.43%     27.27% |         108      2.58%     29.85% |         108      2.58%     32.43% |         108      2.58%     35.00% |         108      2.58%     37.58% |         108      2.58%     40.16% |         108      2.58%     42.73% |         106      2.53%     45.26% |         106      2.53%     47.79% |         112      2.67%     50.47% |         108      2.58%     53.04% |         109      2.60%     55.64% |         108      2.58%     58.22% |         109      2.60%     60.82% |         114      2.72%     63.54% |         115      2.74%     66.28% |         113      2.70%     68.98% |         108      2.58%     71.56% |         108      2.58%     74.14% |         110      2.62%     76.76% |         108      2.58%     79.34% |         108      2.58%     81.91% |         108      2.58%     84.49% |         108      2.58%     87.07% |         108      2.58%     89.64% |         110      2.62%     92.27% |         108      2.58%     94.85% |         108      2.58%     97.42% |         108      2.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         4191                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       75624      4.34%      4.34% |      870518     50.00%     54.34% |       56468      3.24%     57.59% |       50397      2.89%     60.48% |       49818      2.86%     63.34% |       50809      2.92%     66.26% |       49937      2.87%     69.13% |       50778      2.92%     72.05% |       48162      2.77%     74.81% |       48666      2.80%     77.61% |       48126      2.76%     80.37% |       48838      2.81%     83.18% |       49834      2.86%     86.04% |       48775      2.80%     88.84% |       47669      2.74%     91.58% |       48110      2.76%     94.34% |       48730      2.80%     97.14% |       49777      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1741036                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       75624      4.34%      4.34% |      870518     50.00%     54.34% |       56468      3.24%     57.59% |       50397      2.89%     60.48% |       49818      2.86%     63.34% |       50809      2.92%     66.26% |       49937      2.87%     69.13% |       50778      2.92%     72.05% |       48162      2.77%     74.81% |       48666      2.80%     77.61% |       48126      2.76%     80.37% |       48838      2.81%     83.18% |       49834      2.86%     86.04% |       48775      2.80%     88.84% |       47669      2.74%     91.58% |       48110      2.76%     94.34% |       48730      2.80%     97.14% |       49777      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1741036                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       75624      4.34%      4.34% |      870518     50.00%     54.34% |       56468      3.24%     57.59% |       50397      2.89%     60.48% |       49818      2.86%     63.34% |       50809      2.92%     66.26% |       49937      2.87%     69.13% |       50778      2.92%     72.05% |       48162      2.77%     74.81% |       48666      2.80%     77.61% |       48126      2.76%     80.37% |       48838      2.81%     83.18% |       49834      2.86%     86.04% |       48775      2.80%     88.84% |       47669      2.74%     91.58% |       48110      2.76%     94.34% |       48730      2.80%     97.14% |       49777      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1741036                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       75624      4.34%      4.34% |      870518     50.00%     54.34% |       56468      3.24%     57.59% |       50397      2.89%     60.48% |       49818      2.86%     63.34% |       50809      2.92%     66.26% |       49937      2.87%     69.13% |       50778      2.92%     72.05% |       48162      2.77%     74.81% |       48666      2.80%     77.61% |       48126      2.76%     80.37% |       48838      2.81%     83.18% |       49834      2.86%     86.04% |       48775      2.80%     88.84% |       47669      2.74%     91.58% |       48110      2.76%     94.34% |       48730      2.80%     97.14% |       49777      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1741036                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
