
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.154063                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                154063106000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5330231184500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  81896                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   155797                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              194465808                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5262816                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   792.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64881362                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     123427981                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25271936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25271936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21423552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21423552                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394874                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334743                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164036262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164036262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139056991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139056991                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303093253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303093253                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394876                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334743                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394876                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334743                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25270784                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21423360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25272064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21423552                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20858                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    68829                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    12789                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 154062853500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394876                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334743                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 206908                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   9274                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   6872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   4624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   5056                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   5029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   4929                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   4688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   4559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   4336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  4086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  3868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  3879                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  3618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  3484                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  3361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  3231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  3089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2902                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2578                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2525                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  3280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 73418                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  49744                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  54272                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  56457                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  56592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  56776                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  15489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  17788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  27625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       216906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   215.270689                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   163.392452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   167.588673                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        68948     31.79%     31.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        56720     26.15%     57.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69039     31.83%     89.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9497      4.38%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5609      2.59%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2791      1.29%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1554      0.72%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1051      0.48%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1697      0.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       216906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        51529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.662578                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.668442                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        51521     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        51529                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        51529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.496148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.976563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.251119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          42128     81.76%     81.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3213      6.24%     87.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3517      6.83%     94.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2671      5.18%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        51529                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 50319867121                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            57723417121                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   127438.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              146188.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.34                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  292411                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 220271                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    211155.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26566281500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5144360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122348830500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              824894280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              814824360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              450091125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              444596625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546638600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1533074400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086663600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082386800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61281687240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        61025273595                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38679535500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38904459750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113931878505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113866983690                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.534053                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.112819                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24511488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24511488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20685440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20685440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323210                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159100310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159100310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134266020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134266020                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293366330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293366330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382992                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323210                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323210                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24510144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20685248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24511488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20685440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20032                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    48715                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    10939                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 154062351500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382992                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323210                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 202772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   5206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   5705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   6016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   6085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   6040                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   5650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   5142                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  4915                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  4656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  4507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  4320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  4127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  4051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3499                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3312                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3002                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  3283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  3309                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  3539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 53089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  48244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  53177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  55177                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  55513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  55857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  15331                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  16554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  23357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       188369                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   239.924319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   188.525003                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.721433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40910     21.72%     21.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        55374     29.40%     51.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69051     36.66%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9468      5.03%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6043      3.21%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2628      1.40%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1603      0.85%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1117      0.59%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2175      1.15%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       188369                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.661518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.309365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49979     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        49985                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.466080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.962671                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.184591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40541     81.11%     81.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3794      7.59%     88.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3198      6.40%     95.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2452      4.91%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        49985                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 44590237978                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            51770944228                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   116432.41                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              135182.41                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  289026                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 228774                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    218156.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.32                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27042157250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5144360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121872499000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              716650200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              707381640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              391029375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              385972125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500844800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486196400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049559120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1044757440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60248722410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59774742900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39585645000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40001416500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113554819065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113462835165                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.086553                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.489483                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24511616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24511616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20686464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20686464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382994                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323226                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323226                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159101141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159101141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134272666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134272666                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293373807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293373807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382994                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323226                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382994                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323226                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24510400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20686400                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24511616                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20686464                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    46305                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    10919                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 154062277000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382994                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323226                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 203109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   4985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   4976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   5650                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   6101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   6211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   6038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   5680                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   5350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  5125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  4849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  4656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  4470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  4335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  4108                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3981                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3155                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3054                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  3081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  2998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  3058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  3194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  3343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  3609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 50766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  48198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  53030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  55185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  55554                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  55769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  15296                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  16686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  23508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       187643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   240.862148                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.646255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.643600                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40020     21.33%     21.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54667     29.13%     50.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69953     37.28%     87.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9502      5.06%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5933      3.16%     95.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2624      1.40%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1624      0.87%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1141      0.61%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2179      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       187643                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.661912                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.368981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49978     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        49984                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.466569                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.963917                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.181724                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40483     80.99%     80.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3902      7.81%     88.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3128      6.26%     95.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2471      4.94%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        49984                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 44165158910                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            51345940160                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914875000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   115321.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              134071.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.10                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  289161                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 229386                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    218150.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138745750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5144360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121775910500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              714918960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              703601640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              390084750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              383909625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1501094400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1486001400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049565600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1044867600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59826245535                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59364345465                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39956238750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40361414250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113500516155                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113406508140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.734071                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.123864                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24491968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24491968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20684864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20684864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158973609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158973609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134262281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134262281                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293235890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293235890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382687                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323201                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382687                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323201                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24491328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20684800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24491968                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20684864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20029                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    44389                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    10661                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 154061983000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382687                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323201                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 202685                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   5072                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   5027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   5507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   5899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   6285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   6106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   5868                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   5373                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  5236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  4936                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  4790                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  4422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  4348                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  4237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  4010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3911                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3758                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3625                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3388                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3323                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3197                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  3239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  3231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  3195                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  3410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  3448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  3576                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 48737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  48183                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  53269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  55125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  55885                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  55832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  15410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  16597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  22900                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       186404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   242.350164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.317393                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.784169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38676     20.75%     20.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54994     29.50%     50.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69747     37.42%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9598      5.15%     92.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5777      3.10%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2676      1.44%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1568      0.84%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1140      0.61%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2228      1.20%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       186404                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.654265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.745574                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49989     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        49995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.464646                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.963482                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.178361                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40532     81.07%     81.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3887      7.77%     88.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3081      6.16%     95.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2495      4.99%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        49995                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 44033555471                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            51208749221                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   115067.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              133817.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.29                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  289094                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 230370                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    218252.73                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26225246000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5144360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122689410250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              710503920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              698634720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              387675750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              381199500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499370600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485361800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049423040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1044841680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10062368160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        60004090665                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59458775085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39800234250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40278581250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113513666385                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113409762195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.819430                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.144986                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5230                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              522524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13547430                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 55.984685                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                29.443461                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               120.884139                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12870172     95.00%     95.00% |      345772      2.55%     97.55% |      237033      1.75%     99.30% |       89466      0.66%     99.96% |        4937      0.04%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13547430                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     44446081                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.093863                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.655739                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.027555                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    42339956     95.26%     95.26% |     1426982      3.21%     98.47% |       40001      0.09%     98.56% |       45679      0.10%     98.66% |       56752      0.13%     98.79% |      104844      0.24%     99.03% |      142005      0.32%     99.35% |      192839      0.43%     99.78% |       97023      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      44446081                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            44446079                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              25.163508                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.717929                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            157.054478                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    44128432     99.29%     99.29% |      266486      0.60%     99.88% |       44677      0.10%     99.99% |        5798      0.01%    100.00% |         628      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              44446079                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        42274609                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000150                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000126                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.014356                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    42268776     99.99%     99.99% |        5700      0.01%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          42274609                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171470                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        456.644171                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       242.097115                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       555.996692                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1853823     85.37%     85.37% |      266486     12.27%     97.64% |       44677      2.06%     99.70% |        5798      0.27%     99.97% |         628      0.03%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171470                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         561991                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       561991                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          408                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          340                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          265                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          260                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     27638963                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28951108                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14630607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127143                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14757750                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       572527                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46232                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       200635                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2131807                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78036                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91524                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        33181                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          623                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91530                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92153                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        33325                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          620                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91531                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        33276                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          652                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91498                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        32871                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91531                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        33279                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          634                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91517                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        33188                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91519                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        33491                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91520                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        33192                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119055                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20150                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47882                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68032                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64730                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64133                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47956                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61324                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60437                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60708                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15530                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47886                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63416                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47901                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62833                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64313                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47895                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62309                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47830                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64088                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66904                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67935                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47798                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63996                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        17017                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64914                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18403                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47946                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66349                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64160                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18411                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47784                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66195                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20355                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47835                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19320                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47835                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67155                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14183                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47848                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62031                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27398                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47802                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75200                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24905                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72729                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13604                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47867                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61471                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13676                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47818                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61494                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10842                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47860                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14942                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47932                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62874                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47868                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62988                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        90766                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     22968688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     22968688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     23369044                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     22968688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     10258676                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     10080244                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     22968688                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.074543                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     11289399                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     11289399                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11758670                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11289399                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6190640                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5962035                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     11289399                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.036639                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7396700                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7396700                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7698633                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7396700                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2882446                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2862708                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7396700                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.024005                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6306697                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6306697                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6589261                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6306697                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2555437                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2543617                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6306697                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.020468                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8674356                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8674356                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9013893                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8674356                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3888416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3828100                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8674356                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.028152                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8820650                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8820650                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9136748                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8820650                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3740383                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3726490                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8820650                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028627                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9345320                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9345320                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9694849                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9345320                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3439042                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3426460                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9345320                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030330                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6431937                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6431937                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6759318                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6431937                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2543532                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2530409                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6431937                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020874                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4332716                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4332716                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4498328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4332716                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1776329                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1763476                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4332716                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.014061                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5711795                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5711795                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5962653                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5711795                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2521010                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2498391                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5711795                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018537                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3884721                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3884721                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3974550                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3884721                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1463870                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1461209                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3884721                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012608                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3446538                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3446538                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3469884                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3446538                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1279887                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1279546                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3446538                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011185                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4767918                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4767918                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4802886                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4767918                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1967520                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1967046                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4767918                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015474                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3643124                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3643124                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3669768                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3643124                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1371728                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1371384                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3643124                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011823                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2104065                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2104065                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2127471                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2104065                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       768950                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       768621                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2104065                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006829                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3209314                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3209314                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3260629                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3209314                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1166839                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1166062                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3209314                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010416                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4327303                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4327303                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4379457                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4327303                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1519781                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1518843                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4327303                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014044                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3359760                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3359760                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3416732                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3359760                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1205899                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1204736                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3359760                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010904                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3432981                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3432981                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3515599                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3432981                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1254398                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1252829                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3432981                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011141                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959376                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959376                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1979413                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959376                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724212                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       723864                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959376                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006359                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1798669                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1798669                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1803196                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1798669                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       720856                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       720805                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1798669                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005837                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2430576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2430576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2437567                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2430576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034566                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1034252                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2430576                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007888                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2109124                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2109124                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2116212                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2109124                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845082                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       845004                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2109124                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006845                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311488                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311488                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311488                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311488                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499488                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499488                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311488                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1759703                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1759703                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1764073                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1759703                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       675366                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       675327                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1759703                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005711                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2408669                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2408669                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2415718                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2408669                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1014203                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1013897                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2408669                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007817                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2067955                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2067955                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2074953                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2067955                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       819371                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       819287                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2067955                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006711                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331911                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331911                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331911                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331911                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506467                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506467                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331911                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004323                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7911522                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7911522                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8339333                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7911522                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2984033                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2978298                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7911521                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025676                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7878950                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7878950                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8166498                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7878950                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2896579                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2890318                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7878950                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025571                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7880470                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7880470                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8254566                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7880470                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2897717                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2891466                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7880470                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025575                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8216981                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8216981                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8558600                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8216981                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3030786                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3023889                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8216981                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026668                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    14564654     32.06%     32.06% |    28800824     63.40%     95.46% |     2060307      4.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     45425785                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    14564654     32.06%     32.06% |    28800826     63.40%     95.46% |     2060307      4.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     45425787                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   529832181                       |   692118790                       |    45996326                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1023267288                       |   117095299                       |     2060307                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   36.377945                       |   24.031215                       |   22.324987                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   70.256890                       |    4.065693                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.912502                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    25.149216                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         53.061718                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002297                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.057405      8.12%      8.12% |    0.057331      8.11%     16.22% |    0.055694      7.87%     24.09% |    0.055641      7.87%     31.96% |    0.112007     15.84%     47.80% |    0.111945     15.83%     63.62% |    0.111959     15.83%     79.45% |    0.111904     15.82%     95.27% |    0.008358      1.18%     96.45% |    0.008360      1.18%     97.64% |    0.008361      1.18%     98.82% |    0.008360      1.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.707324                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017497                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027774                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001751                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004512                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002026                       |    0.002020                       |    0.002009                       |    0.002004                       |    0.001957                       |    0.001956                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002033                       |    0.002071                       |    0.002060                       |    0.001991                       |    0.002003                       |    0.001988                       |    0.001993                       |    0.002045                       |    0.002034                       |    0.002052                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002114                       |    0.002134                       |    0.002058                       |    0.002076                       |    0.002104                       |    0.002062                       |    0.002096                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002114                       |    0.002271                       |    0.002225                       |    0.007684                       |    0.007451                       |    0.007451                       |    0.007445                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.001723                       |    0.003548                       |    0.000228                       |    0.000230                       |    0.000228                       |    0.000229                       |    0.000228                       |    0.000230                       |    0.000226                       |    0.000226                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002200                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002139                       |    0.001419                       |    0.001780                       |    0.002150                       |    0.000226                       |    0.002551                       |    0.005489                       |    0.001865                       |           0                       |    0.002274                       |    0.006826                       |           0                       |    0.005298                       |    0.008572                       |    0.002707                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002140                       |    0.000228                       |    0.005667                       |    0.004768                       |    0.009422                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002123                       |    0.000230                       |    0.007891                       |    0.004964                       |    0.003479                       |           0                       |    0.002239                       |    0.006599                       |           0                       |    0.008174                       |    0.005030                       |    0.003528                       |           0                       |    0.002183                       |           0                       |    0.004136                       |    0.002516                       |    0.002350                       |           0                       |    0.002214                       |           0                       |    0.002076                       |    0.001421                       |           0                       |    0.002247                       |           0                       |    0.001147                       |    0.002114                       |    0.002380                       |    0.001780                       |    0.002138                       |    0.000226                       |    0.002612                       |    0.004098                       |    0.005464                       |    0.002219                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002118                       |    0.000228                       |    0.004698                       |    0.008553                       |    0.007479                       |    0.003295                       |    0.027658                       |    0.003971                       |    0.001723                       |    0.003539                       |    0.014065                       |    0.019372                       |    0.004215                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002243                       |    0.003548                       |    0.003525                       |    0.008839                       |    0.014269                       |    0.004214                       |    0.001780                       |    0.002110                       |    0.000229                       |    0.006905                       |    0.005613                       |    0.007881                       |    0.004110                       |           0                       |    0.002116                       |           0                       |    0.002019                       |    0.004095                       |    0.004073                       |    0.003170                       |           0                       |    0.002239                       |           0                       |    0.001119                       |    0.002104                       |    0.002356                       |           0                       |    0.002255                       |           0                       |    0.000257                       |    0.002134                       |    0.002198                       |           0                       |    0.002181                       |           0                       |    0.001996                       |    0.002330                       |    0.003984                       |    0.002115                       |           0                       |    0.002408                       |    0.006599                       |           0                       |    0.001928                       |    0.005294                       |    0.007227                       |    0.002118                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002076                       |    0.000228                       |    0.014794                       |    0.005661                       |    0.003624                       |    0.002166                       |    0.001780                       |    0.002083                       |    0.000230                       |    0.002492                       |    0.007867                       |    0.004267                       |    0.002155                       |           0                       |    0.002338                       |    0.006597                       |           0                       |    0.002751                       |    0.008212                       |    0.004588                       |    0.002183                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.001148                       |    0.004066                       |    0.002294                       |    0.002198                       |           0                       |    0.002203                       |           0                       |    0.000220                       |    0.002062                       |    0.002226                       |           0                       |    0.002198                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002058                       |           0                       |    0.002115                       |           0                       |    0.000889                       |           0                       |    0.003824                       |           0                       |    0.002118                       |           0                       |    0.002913                       |    0.000667                       |    0.004717                       |           0                       |    0.002166                       |           0                       |    0.007086                       |    0.002480                       |    0.002312                       |           0                       |    0.002155                       |           0                       |    0.000889                       |    0.005115                       |    0.002745                       |           0                       |    0.002183                       |           0                       |    0.004555                       |    0.004403                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002198                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004161                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002226                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002096                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.707324                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14505931                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14505931                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       695006                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11843668                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11188852                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.471172                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          584274                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29692                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14930667                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95057                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22539677                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188703                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15025724                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22728380                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37470344                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283760                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37754104                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14764947                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10096                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14775043                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14764947                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14775043                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                301299557                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47292470                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76448401                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14505931                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11773126                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247985374                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1522210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       206241                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       373920                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       347597                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14764342                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341423                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    297117407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.706459                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        266295972     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5825338      1.96%     91.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1719387      0.58%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1358878      0.46%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4972084      1.67%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5257017      1.77%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1207992      0.41%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           616001      0.21%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9864738      3.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    297117407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048145                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.253729                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28202642                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     244266251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17711776                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6175626                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         761105                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141982223                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         761105                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30939690                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151596321                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16932289                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20843182                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      76044813                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138680261                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2923184                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150878407                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     312777093                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    188093613                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     133195243                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17683134                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443233                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447761                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41839703                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7938917                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23099740                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1076990                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       840867                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135846169                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       585850                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         140032956                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12601050                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17049025                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141907                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    297117407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471305                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.213137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239872000     80.73%     80.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22624138      7.61%     88.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13727670      4.62%     92.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8694666      2.93%     95.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3429697      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3993475      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730251      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562269      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483241      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    297117407                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123973      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954529     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324158     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504883      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101542203     72.51%     72.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63757      0.05%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14995286     10.71%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22874502     16.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      140032956                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.464763                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402660                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010017                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    578880410                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149042860                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130844749                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140930705                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1559871                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341428                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2778                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10076                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075196                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8359693                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         761105                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5552491                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142731969                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136432019                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105788                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7938917                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23099740                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       576757                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         105635                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10076                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407060                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369304                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776364                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138732165                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14767297                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017582                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37346061                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12151193                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22578764                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.460446                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130986168                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130844769                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78289302                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112823662                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.434268                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.693909                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12930950                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       443943                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       708024                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294890062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.418556                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.209048                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245639040     83.30%     83.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19258125      6.53%     89.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10991191      3.73%     93.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10798490      3.66%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2245634      0.76%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       515618      0.17%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390345      0.81%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523647      0.18%     99.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2527972      0.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294890062                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64881361                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      123427978                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28622020                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6597484                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11445272                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122851634                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       502177                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       218011      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94474714     76.54%     76.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62394      0.05%     76.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6597484      5.35%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     22024536     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    123427978                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2527972                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            428512860                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           274957755                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88326                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4182150                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64881361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             123427978                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.643854                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.643854                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.215338                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.215338                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        191603799                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95517178                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60514955                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45354038                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        62163792                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444983                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2632425500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2632425500.000001                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248113                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        91.798922                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       38.894926                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      170.849564                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5570855     89.16%     89.16% |      345772      5.53%     94.69% |      237033      3.79%     98.49% |       89466      1.43%     99.92% |        4937      0.08%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248113                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7280505                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.336452                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.206947                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.896968                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5158972     70.86%     70.86% |     2113403     29.03%     99.89% |        7487      0.10%     99.99% |         590      0.01%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7280505                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18812                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.134489                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.822407                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.119624                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         664      3.53%      3.53% |        2260     12.01%     15.54% |        8613     45.78%     61.33% |        4398     23.38%     84.71% |        2851     15.16%     99.86% |          26      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18812                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6802643                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           38.005777                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.976069                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         213.635863                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6709819     98.64%     98.64% |       76589      1.13%     99.76% |       14122      0.21%     99.97% |        1872      0.03%    100.00% |         217      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6802643                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6354564                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000575                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000495                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.024185                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6350926     99.94%     99.94% |        3634      0.06%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6354564                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       448079                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     534.442335                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    215.443876                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    655.038226                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      355255     79.28%     79.28% |       76589     17.09%     96.38% |       14122      3.15%     99.53% |        1872      0.42%     99.95% |         217      0.05%     99.99% |          23      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        448079                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22559282                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           35.489163                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.111686                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         185.151493                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22334522     99.00%     99.00% |      189850      0.84%     99.85% |       30542      0.14%     99.98% |        3924      0.02%    100.00% |         410      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22559282                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20991180                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000123                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000099                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.015267                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20989087     99.99%     99.99% |        1963      0.01%    100.00% |         102      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20991180                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1568102                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     470.399186                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    279.513728                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    538.426933                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1343342     85.67%     85.67% |      189850     12.11%     97.77% |       30542      1.95%     99.72% |        3924      0.25%     99.97% |         410      0.03%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1568102                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14757748                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.749693                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085257                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.593764                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14757390    100.00%    100.00% |         297      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14757748                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14630607                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14630605    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14630607                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127141                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    90.019781                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.579827                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    74.293727                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126783     99.72%     99.72% |         297      0.23%     99.95% |          33      0.03%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |           8      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127141                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325100                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.078114                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019817                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.178445                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      323536     99.52%     99.52% |        1446      0.44%     99.96% |         102      0.03%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325100                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296980                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296880     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296980                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28120                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   107.950036                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.293386                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    82.401089                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       26556     94.44%     94.44% |        1446      5.14%     99.58% |         102      0.36%     99.94% |          14      0.05%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28120                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       165769                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      3913861                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       365062                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    31598                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    30927                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    31030                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    30541                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    31642                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    30730                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    31530                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    31685                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    31288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    30691                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   31376                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   30997                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   31306                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   30597                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   31335                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   30788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  19122                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  10577                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  19690                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  10963                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  19078                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  10774                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  19190                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   9819                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  19432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                  10813                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 19344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 10507                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 19414                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                 10907                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 19385                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 10716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5304                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                     3891                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                     5384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                     3901                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                     5383                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                     3845                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                     5386                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                     3746                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                     5392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                     3908                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                    5285                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                    3783                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                    5479                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                    3969                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                    5371                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                    3935                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles               196885597                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles               188620333                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles               180979644                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles               157524232                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles               183671230                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles               192280685                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               181435228                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               174634760                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               169117527                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               184062758                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              177874189                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              197940066                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              176309214                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              207063603                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              173701784                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              190169441                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 8877                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 7756                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 8687                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 7485                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 8829                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 7808                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 8823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 8073                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 8777                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 7892                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                8766                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                7695                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                8865                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                7629                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                8967                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                8070                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               5747                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2772                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               5937                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               3043                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               5795                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2720                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               5801                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               2455                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               5847                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               2636                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              5858                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2833                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              5759                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              2899                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              5657                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              2458                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               22721                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               23171                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               22343                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               23056                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               22813                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               22922                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               22707                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               23612                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               22511                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               22799                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              22610                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              23302                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              22441                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              22968                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              22368                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              22718                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             13375                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              7805                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             13753                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              7920                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             13283                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              8054                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             13389                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              7364                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             13585                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              8177                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            13486                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             7674                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            13655                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             8008                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            13728                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             8258                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2826258                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2221164                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2841041                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2172904                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2865864                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2233153                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2834116                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2272791                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2844083                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2237114                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2834755                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2205083                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2876768                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2242444                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2863124                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2272038                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1836866                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1192033                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1880241                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1151249                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1908789                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1289157                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1971628                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1325323                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1938734                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1309400                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              2062899                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1213729                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              2008990                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1281020                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              2003725                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1234825                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             595239                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             520274                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             595072                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             519184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             595727                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             524792                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             595494                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             524226                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             595567                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             522520                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            596360                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            519583                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            595670                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            521170                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            595900                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            522005                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3213137                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2903328                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3129923                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2819466                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3184080                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2847520                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3033288                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2871299                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3014618                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2782946                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2990900                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2807895                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             3144858                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2789157                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3020518                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2910843                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1836866                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1192033                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1880241                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1151249                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1908789                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1289157                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1971628                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1325323                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1938734                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1309400                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         2062899                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1213729                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         2008990                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1281020                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         2003725                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1234825                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        594636                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        516208                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        595072                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        516346                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        594903                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        515012                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        594734                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        515001                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        594843                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        515407                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       594763                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       516794                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       594903                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       515363                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       594593                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       516396                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2159944                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1730192                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2152500                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1682615                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2180441                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1742862                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2142804                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1763098                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2116661                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1726691                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2155538                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1708114                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2184291                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1712733                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2170774                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1783319                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2803454                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2191130                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2818102                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2146113                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2837146                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2203821                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2805802                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2247480                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2816129                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2204524                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2807572                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2184677                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2854087                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2209657                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2843560                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2243611                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305843987                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305843983                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305843989                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305843985                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305843994                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305843990                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305844006                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305844002                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2812900                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2212317                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2825709                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2156969                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2854490                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2220887                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2813898                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2252826                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2828654                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2221092                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2815765                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2191842                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2853118                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2232256                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2844538                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2256598                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             13818                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              6686                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             14306                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              7062                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             13695                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              6929                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             13804                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              6073                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             14040                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0              6905                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            14059                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0             6724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            13935                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0             6938                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            14014                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0             6781                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             22721                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             23171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             22343                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             23056                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             22813                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             22922                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             22707                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             23612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             22511                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1             22799                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1            22610                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            23302                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1            22441                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1            22968                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            22368                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1            22718                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              1982                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              1818                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              2203                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              1845                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2091                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              1784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              2228                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2101                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2021                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              1801                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2291                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             1929                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             1847                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1519                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             1966                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             1734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394849     25.58%     25.58% |      382992     24.81%     50.39% |      382994     24.81%     75.21% |      382687     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543522                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328912     25.68%     25.68% |      317372     24.77%     50.45% |      317385     24.78%     75.23% |      317358     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1281027                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394874     25.58%     25.58% |      382992     24.81%     50.39% |      382994     24.81%     75.21% |      382687     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543547                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334743     25.66%     25.66% |      323210     24.78%     50.44% |      323226     24.78%     75.22% |      323201     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304380                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57744     25.14%     25.14% |       57428     25.00%     50.13% |       57417     24.99%     75.13% |       57137     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229726                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394849     25.58%     25.58% |      382992     24.81%     50.39% |      382994     24.81%     75.21% |      382687     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543522                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328656     25.67%     25.67% |      317178     24.78%     50.45% |      317194     24.78%     75.22% |      317169     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280197                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57744     25.14%     25.14% |       57428     25.00%     50.13% |       57417     24.99%     75.13% |       57137     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229726                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394847     25.58%     25.58% |      382992     24.81%     50.39% |      382994     24.81%     75.21% |      382687     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543520                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328656     25.67%     25.67% |      317178     24.78%     50.45% |      317194     24.78%     75.22% |      317169     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280197                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6603739     97.05%     97.05% |          14      0.00%     97.05% |       25088      0.37%     97.42% |       25088      0.37%     97.79% |       25088      0.37%     98.16% |       25088      0.37%     98.53% |       25088      0.37%     98.89% |       25088      0.37%     99.26% |       25088      0.37%     99.63% |       25088      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6804457                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14757798    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14757798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22349552     97.66%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |       67065      0.29%     97.95% |       67066      0.29%     98.24% |       67064      0.29%     98.53% |       67065      0.29%     98.83% |       67066      0.29%     99.12% |       67065      0.29%     99.41% |       67064      0.29%     99.71% |       67064      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22886071                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18662     99.45%     99.45% |          14      0.07%     99.52% |           4      0.02%     99.54% |          58      0.31%     99.85% |           0      0.00%     99.85% |           6      0.03%     99.88% |           8      0.04%     99.93% |           2      0.01%     99.94% |           7      0.04%     99.97% |           5      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18766                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1434071     66.32%     66.32% |           0      0.00%     66.32% |       91022      4.21%     70.53% |       91024      4.21%     74.74% |       91021      4.21%     78.95% |       90988      4.21%     83.16% |       91032      4.21%     87.37% |       91016      4.21%     91.58% |       91007      4.21%     95.79% |       91010      4.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2162191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     12.00%     12.00% |          13     52.00%     64.00% |           1      4.00%     68.00% |           4     16.00%     84.00% |           1      4.00%     88.00% |           1      4.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           2      8.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           3     14.29%     23.81% |           9     42.86%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2      9.52%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           4     19.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247412     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24728      5.55%     61.13% |       24729      5.55%     66.68% |       24727      5.55%     72.24% |       24715      5.55%     77.79% |       24722      5.55%     83.34% |       24724      5.55%     88.89% |       24724      5.55%     94.45% |       24731      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           4     19.05%     28.57% |           6     28.57%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           7     33.33%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191858     69.04%     69.04% |           0      0.00%     69.04% |       66796      3.87%     72.91% |       66801      3.87%     76.78% |       66804      3.87%     80.65% |       66779      3.87%     84.52% |       66803      3.87%     88.39% |       66792      3.87%     92.26% |       66788      3.87%     96.13% |       66788      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1726209                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307138     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       91005      4.47%     68.70% |       90996      4.47%     73.17% |       91018      4.47%     77.64% |       90976      4.47%     82.11% |       91010      4.47%     86.59% |       91002      4.47%     91.06% |       91000      4.47%     95.53% |       91001      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2035146                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      250031     55.83%     55.83% |          14      0.00%     55.83% |       24728      5.52%     61.35% |       24729      5.52%     66.87% |       24727      5.52%     72.39% |       24719      5.52%     77.91% |       24729      5.52%     83.44% |       24726      5.52%     88.96% |       24731      5.52%     94.48% |       24732      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061836     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66796      4.18%     70.71% |       66801      4.19%     74.89% |       66804      4.19%     79.08% |       66779      4.18%     83.26% |       66802      4.19%     87.45% |       66791      4.18%     91.63% |       66788      4.18%     95.82% |       66788      4.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1596185                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.64%     99.64% |           0      0.00%     99.64% |           3      0.03%     99.67% |           9      0.08%     99.75% |           0      0.00%     99.75% |           6      0.05%     99.80% |           8      0.07%     99.88% |           2      0.02%     99.89% |           7      0.06%     99.96% |           5      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11204                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         213    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4537    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4537                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          49    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1937     98.68%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           4      0.20%     98.88% |          13      0.66%     99.54% |           1      0.05%     99.59% |           4      0.20%     99.80% |           1      0.05%     99.85% |           1      0.05%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           2      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1963                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14630607    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14630607                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5454     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124377     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           3      0.00%     99.97% |           9      0.01%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           6      0.00%     99.98% |           8      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3188446     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |         360      0.01%     99.92% |         359      0.01%     99.93% |         361      0.01%     99.94% |         369      0.01%     99.96% |         359      0.01%     99.97% |         362      0.01%     99.98% |         357      0.01%     99.99% |         356      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3191329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59009    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59009                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1860     99.36%     99.36% |          12      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186436     48.54%     48.54% |           0      0.00%     48.54% |       24707      6.43%     54.97% |       24702      6.43%     61.40% |       24709      6.43%     67.83% |       24695      6.43%     74.26% |       24703      6.43%     80.69% |       24724      6.44%     87.13% |       24724      6.44%     93.57% |       24710      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       384110                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     15.79%     15.79% |           9     47.37%     63.16% |           0      0.00%     63.16% |           2     10.53%     73.68% |           1      5.26%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           4     21.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3010917    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3010917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21228273     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         267      0.00%     99.99% |         264      0.00%     99.99% |         259      0.00%     99.99% |         283      0.00%     99.99% |         262      0.00%    100.00% |         272      0.00%    100.00% |         274      0.00%    100.00% |         275      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21230429                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         184     78.63%     78.63% |           0      0.00%     78.63% |           1      0.43%     79.06% |          49     20.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120702     67.88%     67.88% |           0      0.00%     67.88% |       66298      4.02%     71.89% |       66294      4.02%     75.91% |       66309      4.02%     79.93% |       66281      4.01%     83.94% |       66307      4.02%     87.96% |       66278      4.01%     91.97% |       66276      4.01%     95.98% |       66291      4.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1651036                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     12.00%     12.00% |          13     52.00%     64.00% |           1      4.00%     68.00% |           4     16.00%     84.00% |           1      4.00%     88.00% |           1      4.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           2      8.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     99.18%     99.18% |           0      0.00%     99.18% |           0      0.00%     99.18% |           0      0.00%     99.18% |           0      0.00%     99.18% |           0      0.00%     99.18% |           3      0.49%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           0      0.00%     99.67% |           2      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          611                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247412     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24728      5.55%     61.13% |       24729      5.55%     66.68% |       24727      5.55%     72.24% |       24715      5.55%     77.79% |       24722      5.55%     83.34% |       24724      5.55%     88.89% |       24724      5.55%     94.45% |       24731      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445224                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           4     19.05%     28.57% |           6     28.57%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           7     33.33%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129973    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129975                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     24.07%     24.07% |           0      0.00%     24.07% |          10     18.52%     42.59% |           6     11.11%     53.70% |           2      3.70%     57.41% |           2      3.70%     61.11% |          10     18.52%     79.63% |          11     20.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           54                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061885     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66796      4.18%     70.71% |       66801      4.18%     74.89% |       66804      4.19%     79.08% |       66779      4.18%     83.26% |       66802      4.18%     87.45% |       66791      4.18%     91.63% |       66788      4.18%     95.82% |       66788      4.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1596234                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     96.34%     96.34% |           0      0.00%     96.34% |           2      0.52%     96.87% |           1      0.26%     97.13% |           1      0.26%     97.39% |           3      0.78%     98.17% |           2      0.52%     98.69% |           2      0.52%     99.22% |           2      0.52%     99.74% |           1      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307138     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       91005      4.47%     68.70% |       90996      4.47%     73.17% |       91018      4.47%     77.64% |       90976      4.47%     82.11% |       91010      4.47%     86.59% |       91002      4.47%     91.06% |       91000      4.47%     95.53% |       91001      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2035146                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.08%      3.08% |        3742      2.94%      6.02% |        3538      2.78%      8.80% |        3535      2.78%     11.58% |        3657      2.88%     14.46% |        4078      3.21%     17.67% |        3853      3.03%     20.70% |        3400      2.67%     23.37% |        3671      2.89%     26.26% |        5262      4.14%     30.39% |        4068      3.20%     33.59% |        3929      3.09%     36.68% |        3671      2.89%     39.57% |        4528      3.56%     43.13% |        3964      3.12%     46.25% |        3834      3.01%     49.26% |        4273      3.36%     52.62% |        4310      3.39%     56.01% |        3755      2.95%     58.96% |        3435      2.70%     61.66% |        3179      2.50%     64.16% |        3790      2.98%     67.14% |        3598      2.83%     69.97% |        3442      2.71%     72.68% |        3754      2.95%     75.63% |        3870      3.04%     78.67% |        3360      2.64%     81.31% |        4766      3.75%     85.06% |        4097      3.22%     88.28% |        5239      4.12%     92.40% |        5173      4.07%     96.47% |        4490      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127179                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108428     24.20%     24.20% |       13871      3.10%     27.29% |       11538      2.57%     29.87% |       12324      2.75%     32.62% |       11483      2.56%     35.18% |       10963      2.45%     37.63% |        9719      2.17%     39.79% |        9720      2.17%     41.96% |       11738      2.62%     44.58% |       10326      2.30%     46.89% |       13069      2.92%     49.80% |       12103      2.70%     52.50% |       10143      2.26%     54.77% |        9916      2.21%     56.98% |        9380      2.09%     59.07% |        9713      2.17%     61.24% |       10977      2.45%     63.69% |       10109      2.26%     65.95% |       10361      2.31%     68.26% |       10698      2.39%     70.65% |       10621      2.37%     73.02% |       11063      2.47%     75.49% |       12405      2.77%     78.25% |        9959      2.22%     80.48% |       10130      2.26%     82.74% |       10759      2.40%     85.14% |        9977      2.23%     87.36% |        9726      2.17%     89.53% |       11142      2.49%     92.02% |       10192      2.27%     94.30% |       11928      2.66%     96.96% |       13637      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       448118                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66406      4.16%      4.16% |       50422      3.16%      7.32% |       47235      2.96%     10.28% |       46168      2.89%     13.17% |       46345      2.90%     16.07% |       46460      2.91%     18.98% |       45303      2.84%     21.82% |       45591      2.86%     24.68% |       47477      2.97%     27.65% |       47400      2.97%     30.62% |       47606      2.98%     33.60% |       48111      3.01%     36.62% |       46723      2.93%     39.55% |       46880      2.94%     42.48% |       47090      2.95%     45.43% |       47161      2.95%     48.39% |       48166      3.02%     51.40% |       48415      3.03%     54.44% |       49583      3.11%     57.54% |       50180      3.14%     60.69% |       50288      3.15%     63.84% |       52051      3.26%     67.10% |       51932      3.25%     70.35% |       50595      3.17%     73.52% |       51030      3.20%     76.72% |       51720      3.24%     79.96% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51703      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51726      3.24%     92.94% |       58104      3.64%     96.58% |       54602      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1596255                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172833      8.49%      8.49% |       64062      3.15%     11.64% |       58561      2.88%     14.52% |       58274      2.86%     17.38% |       57592      2.83%     20.21% |       56288      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.67% |       55106      2.71%     28.38% |       58987      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.10% |       60436      2.97%     37.07% |       60019      2.95%     40.02% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.35% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58954      2.90%     54.03% |       58329      2.87%     56.90% |       59707      2.93%     59.83% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.89% |       64138      3.15%     72.04% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60962      3.00%     78.00% |       62286      3.06%     81.06% |       60610      2.98%     84.04% |       61232      3.01%     87.05% |       63909      3.14%     90.19% |       61729      3.03%     93.23% |       69839      3.43%     96.66% |       68038      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2035148                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51114      3.99%      3.99% |       39623      3.10%      7.09% |       39649      3.10%     10.19% |       39640      3.10%     13.28% |       39614      3.09%     16.38% |       39627      3.10%     19.47% |       39628      3.10%     22.57% |       39635      3.10%     25.67% |       39643      3.10%     28.76% |       39647      3.10%     31.86% |       39645      3.10%     34.96% |       39652      3.10%     38.05% |       39627      3.10%     41.15% |       39640      3.10%     44.25% |       39641      3.10%     47.34% |       39626      3.10%     50.44% |       39668      3.10%     53.54% |       39651      3.10%     56.64% |       39656      3.10%     59.73% |       39651      3.10%     62.83% |       39637      3.10%     65.93% |       39662      3.10%     69.03% |       39655      3.10%     72.13% |       39650      3.10%     75.22% |       39654      3.10%     78.32% |       39652      3.10%     81.42% |       39650      3.10%     84.52% |       39641      3.10%     87.61% |       39648      3.10%     90.71% |       39633      3.10%     93.81% |       39639      3.10%     96.90% |       39644      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1280042                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7417      3.23%      3.23% |        7209      3.14%      6.36% |        7198      3.13%      9.49% |        7160      3.11%     12.61% |        7206      3.13%     15.74% |        7143      3.11%     18.85% |        7166      3.12%     21.97% |        7177      3.12%     25.09% |        7241      3.15%     28.24% |        7173      3.12%     31.36% |        7239      3.15%     34.51% |        7217      3.14%     37.65% |        7281      3.17%     40.82% |        7211      3.14%     43.95% |        7231      3.15%     47.10% |        7143      3.11%     50.20% |        7171      3.12%     53.32% |        7202      3.13%     56.46% |        7218      3.14%     59.60% |        7142      3.11%     62.70% |        7145      3.11%     65.81% |        7134      3.10%     68.92% |        7113      3.09%     72.01% |        7101      3.09%     75.10% |        7196      3.13%     78.23% |        7245      3.15%     81.38% |        7169      3.12%     84.50% |        7096      3.09%     87.59% |        7139      3.11%     90.69% |        7154      3.11%     93.80% |        7114      3.09%     96.90% |        7131      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229882                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59647      3.86%      3.86% |       47882      3.10%      6.97% |       47895      3.10%     10.07% |       47848      3.10%     13.17% |       47866      3.10%     16.27% |       47817      3.10%     19.37% |       47842      3.10%     22.47% |       47860      3.10%     25.57% |       47931      3.11%     28.67% |       47868      3.10%     31.78% |       47931      3.11%     34.88% |       47916      3.10%     37.98% |       47956      3.11%     41.09% |       47898      3.10%     44.19% |       47919      3.10%     47.30% |       47816      3.10%     50.40% |       47886      3.10%     53.50% |       47901      3.10%     56.60% |       47921      3.10%     59.71% |       47841      3.10%     62.81% |       47830      3.10%     65.91% |       47845      3.10%     69.01% |       47816      3.10%     72.10% |       47798      3.10%     75.20% |       47897      3.10%     78.30% |       47946      3.11%     81.41% |       47868      3.10%     84.51% |       47784      3.10%     87.61% |       47834      3.10%     90.71% |       47835      3.10%     93.80% |       47802      3.10%     96.90% |       47824      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543520                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58623      3.88%      3.88% |       46858      3.10%      6.98% |       46871      3.10%     10.08% |       46824      3.10%     13.18% |       46842      3.10%     16.28% |       46793      3.10%     19.38% |       46818      3.10%     22.48% |       46836      3.10%     25.58% |       46907      3.10%     28.69% |       46844      3.10%     31.79% |       46907      3.10%     34.89% |       46892      3.10%     38.00% |       46932      3.11%     41.10% |       46874      3.10%     44.20% |       46895      3.10%     47.31% |       46792      3.10%     50.41% |       46862      3.10%     53.51% |       46877      3.10%     56.61% |       46897      3.10%     59.71% |       46817      3.10%     62.81% |       46806      3.10%     65.91% |       46821      3.10%     69.01% |       46792      3.10%     72.11% |       46774      3.10%     75.20% |       46873      3.10%     78.31% |       46922      3.11%     81.41% |       46844      3.10%     84.51% |       46760      3.10%     87.61% |       46810      3.10%     90.71% |       46811      3.10%     93.81% |       46778      3.10%     96.90% |       46800      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510752                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          61     25.85%     25.85% |           3      1.27%     27.12% |           8      3.39%     30.51% |           6      2.54%     33.05% |          25     10.59%     43.64% |          26     11.02%     54.66% |           4      1.69%     56.36% |           6      2.54%     58.90% |           5      2.12%     61.02% |           3      1.27%     62.29% |           5      2.12%     64.41% |           5      2.12%     66.53% |           4      1.69%     68.22% |           2      0.85%     69.07% |           2      0.85%     69.92% |           2      0.85%     70.76% |           3      1.27%     72.03% |           2      0.85%     72.88% |           7      2.97%     75.85% |           4      1.69%     77.54% |           2      0.85%     78.39% |           4      1.69%     80.08% |           4      1.69%     81.78% |           4      1.69%     83.47% |           4      1.69%     85.17% |           4      1.69%     86.86% |           4      1.69%     88.56% |           6      2.54%     91.10% |           6      2.54%     93.64% |           6      2.54%     96.19% |           7      2.97%     99.15% |           2      0.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          236                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          20     90.91%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           0      0.00%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         636      3.44%      3.44% |         548      2.96%      6.40% |         528      2.85%      9.25% |         524      2.83%     12.08% |         565      3.05%     15.13% |         527      2.85%     17.98% |         566      3.06%     21.04% |         588      3.18%     24.21% |         621      3.35%     27.57% |         545      2.94%     30.51% |         611      3.30%     33.81% |         623      3.37%     37.18% |         676      3.65%     40.83% |         618      3.34%     44.17% |         635      3.43%     47.60% |         579      3.13%     50.73% |         586      3.17%     53.90% |         626      3.38%     57.28% |         617      3.33%     60.61% |         558      3.01%     63.63% |         555      3.00%     66.62% |         570      3.08%     69.70% |         538      2.91%     72.61% |         526      2.84%     75.45% |         603      3.26%     78.71% |         646      3.49%     82.20% |         587      3.17%     85.37% |         533      2.88%     88.25% |         543      2.93%     91.18% |         561      3.03%     94.21% |         544      2.94%     97.15% |         527      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18510                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173147      8.48%      8.48% |       64269      3.15%     11.63% |       58766      2.88%     14.51% |       58471      2.86%     17.37% |       57802      2.83%     20.20% |       56504      2.77%     22.97% |       55008      2.69%     25.67% |       55303      2.71%     28.38% |       59199      2.90%     31.27% |       57722      2.83%     34.10% |       60648      2.97%     37.07% |       60211      2.95%     40.02% |       56864      2.79%     42.81% |       56794      2.78%     45.59% |       56451      2.77%     48.36% |       56869      2.79%     51.14% |       59141      2.90%     54.04% |       58517      2.87%     56.90% |       59896      2.93%     59.84% |       60878      2.98%     62.82% |       60909      2.98%     65.80% |       63096      3.09%     68.89% |       64327      3.15%     72.05% |       60551      2.97%     75.01% |       61150      3.00%     78.01% |       62474      3.06%     81.07% |       60798      2.98%     84.05% |       61424      3.01%     87.05% |       64099      3.14%     90.19% |       61918      3.03%     93.23% |       70031      3.43%     96.66% |       68237      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041474                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542      3.24%      3.24% |         472      2.83%      6.07% |         466      2.79%      8.86% |         466      2.79%     11.65% |         513      3.07%     14.72% |         468      2.80%     17.52% |         506      3.03%     20.55% |         531      3.18%     23.73% |         550      3.29%     27.02% |         490      2.93%     29.95% |         536      3.21%     33.16% |         568      3.40%     36.56% |         623      3.73%     40.29% |         567      3.39%     43.68% |         583      3.49%     47.17% |         526      3.15%     50.32% |         536      3.21%     53.53% |         574      3.44%     56.96% |         566      3.39%     60.35% |         512      3.06%     63.42% |         508      3.04%     66.46% |         524      3.14%     69.59% |         484      2.90%     72.49% |         471      2.82%     75.31% |         547      3.27%     78.58% |         595      3.56%     82.15% |         535      3.20%     85.35% |         482      2.89%     88.23% |         493      2.95%     91.18% |         512      3.06%     94.25% |         492      2.94%     97.19% |         469      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16707                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18693      7.93%      7.93% |        7080      3.00%     10.93% |        7087      3.01%     13.94% |        7035      2.98%     16.92% |        7001      2.97%     19.89% |        6986      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6993      2.97%     28.79% |        7032      2.98%     31.77% |        7034      2.98%     34.76% |        7066      3.00%     37.75% |        6990      2.96%     40.72% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6993      2.97%     46.65% |        6995      2.97%     49.62% |        6960      2.95%     52.57% |        6998      2.97%     55.54% |        6975      2.96%     58.50% |        7006      2.97%     61.47% |        6984      2.96%     64.43% |        6982      2.96%     67.39% |        6967      2.96%     70.35% |        6993      2.97%     73.31% |        6986      2.96%     76.28% |        7003      2.97%     79.25% |        7006      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6965      2.95%     88.14% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6985      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7023      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235757                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40412      3.13%      3.13% |       40330      3.12%      6.25% |       40342      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40363      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40350      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40352      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40337      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40338      3.12%     93.75% |       40351      3.13%     96.88% |       40332      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291058                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         561      3.37%      3.37% |         470      2.83%      6.20% |         464      2.79%      8.99% |         465      2.80%     11.79% |         510      3.07%     14.86% |         468      2.82%     17.67% |         507      3.05%     20.72% |         529      3.18%     23.91% |         546      3.28%     27.19% |         484      2.91%     30.10% |         534      3.21%     33.31% |         566      3.40%     36.72% |         618      3.72%     40.44% |         561      3.37%     43.81% |         577      3.47%     47.28% |         521      3.13%     50.42% |         531      3.19%     53.61% |         569      3.42%     57.03% |         563      3.39%     60.42% |         506      3.04%     63.46% |         502      3.02%     66.48% |         520      3.13%     69.61% |         483      2.91%     72.52% |         469      2.82%     75.34% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         592      3.56%     82.19% |         534      3.21%     85.40% |         478      2.88%     88.28% |         487      2.93%     91.21% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         488      2.94%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16624                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88048     42.03%     42.03% |        6767      3.23%     45.26% |        4444      2.12%     47.39% |        5264      2.51%     49.90% |        4470      2.13%     52.03% |        3063      1.46%     53.50% |        2708      1.29%     54.79% |        2719      1.30%     56.09% |        4690      2.24%     58.33% |        3288      1.57%     59.90% |        5976      2.85%     62.75% |        5110      2.44%     65.19% |        3147      1.50%     66.69% |        2921      1.39%     68.08% |        2363      1.13%     69.21% |        2748      1.31%     70.52% |        3977      1.90%     72.42% |        3127      1.49%     73.92% |        3303      1.58%     75.49% |        3714      1.77%     77.27% |        3639      1.74%     79.00% |        4078      1.95%     80.95% |        5402      2.58%     83.53% |        2970      1.42%     84.95% |        3117      1.49%     86.43% |        3748      1.79%     88.22% |        2991      1.43%     89.65% |        2756      1.32%     90.97% |        4135      1.97%     92.94% |        3206      1.53%     94.47% |        4967      2.37%     96.84% |        6612      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209468                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       25966      8.51%      8.51% |       10086      3.31%     11.82% |        6891      2.26%     14.07% |        5819      1.91%     15.98% |        5977      1.96%     17.94% |        6092      2.00%     19.94% |        4963      1.63%     21.56% |        5255      1.72%     23.29% |        7127      2.34%     25.62% |        7055      2.31%     27.93% |        7276      2.38%     30.32% |        7753      2.54%     32.86% |        6380      2.09%     34.95% |        6542      2.14%     37.09% |        6749      2.21%     39.31% |        6831      2.24%     41.54% |        7814      2.56%     44.11% |        8063      2.64%     46.75% |        9229      3.02%     49.77% |        9835      3.22%     53.00% |        9948      3.26%     56.26% |       11697      3.83%     60.09% |       11593      3.80%     63.89% |       10254      3.36%     67.25% |       10682      3.50%     70.75% |       11373      3.73%     74.48% |       10473      3.43%     77.91% |       11365      3.72%     81.64% |       12623      4.14%     85.77% |       11388      3.73%     89.50% |       17753      5.82%     95.32% |       14270      4.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       305122                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51112      3.99%      3.99% |       39617      3.10%      7.09% |       39643      3.10%     10.19% |       39635      3.10%     13.28% |       39613      3.09%     16.38% |       39622      3.10%     19.47% |       39626      3.10%     22.57% |       39631      3.10%     25.66% |       39641      3.10%     28.76% |       39645      3.10%     31.86% |       39641      3.10%     34.96% |       39651      3.10%     38.05% |       39626      3.10%     41.15% |       39639      3.10%     44.25% |       39639      3.10%     47.34% |       39625      3.10%     50.44% |       39667      3.10%     53.54% |       39650      3.10%     56.64% |       39653      3.10%     59.73% |       39651      3.10%     62.83% |       39637      3.10%     65.93% |       39660      3.10%     69.03% |       39653      3.10%     72.12% |       39648      3.10%     75.22% |       39652      3.10%     78.32% |       39651      3.10%     81.42% |       39647      3.10%     84.52% |       39639      3.10%     87.61% |       39645      3.10%     90.71% |       39631      3.10%     93.81% |       39637      3.10%     96.90% |       39642      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1279969                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6776      3.21%      3.21% |        6664      3.15%      6.36% |        6668      3.16%      9.52% |        6635      3.14%     12.66% |        6617      3.13%     15.79% |        6596      3.12%     18.91% |        6598      3.12%     22.04% |        6587      3.12%     25.15% |        6617      3.13%     28.29% |        6627      3.14%     31.42% |        6627      3.14%     34.56% |        6590      3.12%     37.68% |        6602      3.12%     40.80% |        6592      3.12%     43.92% |        6596      3.12%     47.05% |        6563      3.11%     50.15% |        6583      3.12%     53.27% |        6575      3.11%     56.38% |        6597      3.12%     59.50% |        6580      3.11%     62.62% |        6588      3.12%     65.74% |        6562      3.11%     68.84% |        6573      3.11%     71.95% |        6573      3.11%     75.06% |        6591      3.12%     78.18% |        6596      3.12%     81.31% |        6581      3.12%     84.42% |        6559      3.10%     87.53% |        6594      3.12%     90.65% |        6589      3.12%     93.77% |        6565      3.11%     96.87% |        6604      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211265                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172831      8.49%      8.49% |       64062      3.15%     11.64% |       58561      2.88%     14.52% |       58274      2.86%     17.38% |       57592      2.83%     20.21% |       56288      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.67% |       55106      2.71%     28.38% |       58987      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.10% |       60436      2.97%     37.07% |       60019      2.95%     40.02% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56263      2.76%     48.35% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58954      2.90%     54.03% |       58329      2.87%     56.90% |       59707      2.93%     59.83% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.89% |       64138      3.15%     72.04% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60962      3.00%     78.00% |       62286      3.06%     81.06% |       60610      2.98%     84.04% |       61232      3.01%     87.05% |       63909      3.14%     90.19% |       61729      3.03%     93.23% |       69839      3.43%     96.66% |       68038      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2035146                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.39%      3.39% |           2      3.39%      6.78% |           5      8.47%     15.25% |           4      6.78%     22.03% |           1      1.69%     23.73% |           3      5.08%     28.81% |           2      3.39%     32.20% |           4      6.78%     38.98% |           2      3.39%     42.37% |           1      1.69%     44.07% |           3      5.08%     49.15% |           1      1.69%     50.85% |           1      1.69%     52.54% |           1      1.69%     54.24% |           1      1.69%     55.93% |           1      1.69%     57.63% |           1      1.69%     59.32% |           1      1.69%     61.02% |           2      3.39%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           2      3.39%     67.80% |           2      3.39%     71.19% |           2      3.39%     74.58% |           1      1.69%     76.27% |           1      1.69%     77.97% |           3      5.08%     83.05% |           2      3.39%     86.44% |           2      3.39%     89.83% |           2      3.39%     93.22% |           2      3.39%     96.61% |           2      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          80      4.01%      4.01% |          75      3.76%      7.78% |          66      3.31%     11.09% |          60      3.01%     14.10% |          79      3.96%     18.06% |          79      3.96%     22.03% |          61      3.06%     25.09% |          61      3.06%     28.15% |          78      3.91%     32.06% |          62      3.11%     35.17% |          78      3.91%     39.09% |          61      3.06%     42.15% |          61      3.06%     45.21% |          58      2.91%     48.12% |          58      2.91%     51.03% |          59      2.96%     53.99% |          57      2.86%     56.85% |          58      2.91%     59.76% |          58      2.91%     62.67% |          56      2.81%     65.48% |          55      2.76%     68.24% |          52      2.61%     70.85% |          57      2.86%     73.71% |          59      2.96%     76.67% |          58      2.91%     79.58% |          57      2.86%     82.44% |          54      2.71%     85.15% |          59      2.96%     88.11% |          58      2.91%     91.02% |          57      2.86%     93.88% |          61      3.06%     96.94% |          61      3.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1993                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     22.86%     22.86% |           0      0.00%     22.86% |           0      0.00%     22.86% |           0      0.00%     22.86% |          10     28.57%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           0      0.00%     51.43% |           8     22.86%     74.29% |           3      8.57%     82.86% |           6     17.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           6     17.14%     17.14% |           2      5.71%     22.86% |           2      5.71%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |          12     34.29%     62.86% |           0      0.00%     62.86% |          12     34.29%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           0      0.00%     97.14% |           1      2.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58623      3.88%      3.88% |       46858      3.10%      6.98% |       46871      3.10%     10.08% |       46824      3.10%     13.18% |       46842      3.10%     16.28% |       46793      3.10%     19.38% |       46818      3.10%     22.48% |       46836      3.10%     25.58% |       46907      3.10%     28.69% |       46844      3.10%     31.79% |       46907      3.10%     34.89% |       46892      3.10%     38.00% |       46932      3.11%     41.10% |       46874      3.10%     44.20% |       46895      3.10%     47.31% |       46792      3.10%     50.41% |       46862      3.10%     53.51% |       46877      3.10%     56.61% |       46897      3.10%     59.71% |       46817      3.10%     62.81% |       46806      3.10%     65.91% |       46821      3.10%     69.01% |       46792      3.10%     72.11% |       46774      3.10%     75.20% |       46873      3.10%     78.31% |       46922      3.11%     81.41% |       46844      3.10%     84.51% |       46760      3.10%     87.61% |       46810      3.10%     90.71% |       46811      3.10%     93.81% |       46778      3.10%     96.90% |       46800      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510752                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     67.95%     67.95% |           0      0.00%     67.95% |           2      2.56%     70.51% |           1      1.28%     71.79% |           1      1.28%     73.08% |           1      1.28%     74.36% |           1      1.28%     75.64% |           1      1.28%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      1.28%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           1      1.28%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           2      2.56%     82.05% |           1      1.28%     83.33% |           1      1.28%     84.62% |           1      1.28%     85.90% |           1      1.28%     87.18% |           2      2.56%     89.74% |           2      2.56%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           3      8.57%     31.43% |           0      0.00%     31.43% |           2      5.71%     37.14% |           1      2.86%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           2      5.71%     54.29% |           1      2.86%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     50.00%     50.00% |           4     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           8      5.13%      5.13% |           3      1.92%      7.05% |           6      3.85%     10.90% |           5      3.21%     14.10% |          24     15.38%     29.49% |          24     15.38%     44.87% |           3      1.92%     46.79% |           5      3.21%     50.00% |           5      3.21%     53.21% |           3      1.92%     55.13% |           4      2.56%     57.69% |           5      3.21%     60.90% |           4      2.56%     63.46% |           2      1.28%     64.74% |           2      1.28%     66.03% |           2      1.28%     67.31% |           3      1.92%     69.23% |           2      1.28%     70.51% |           6      3.85%     74.36% |           4      2.56%     76.92% |           2      1.28%     78.21% |           2      1.28%     79.49% |           3      1.92%     81.41% |           3      1.92%     83.33% |           3      1.92%     85.26% |           3      1.92%     87.18% |           2      1.28%     88.46% |           4      2.56%     91.03% |           3      1.92%     92.95% |           4      2.56%     95.51% |           5      3.21%     98.72% |           2      1.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          156                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          72      3.92%      3.92% |          72      3.92%      7.84% |          60      3.27%     11.11% |          55      2.99%     14.10% |          55      2.99%     17.09% |          55      2.99%     20.09% |          58      3.16%     23.24% |          56      3.05%     26.29% |          73      3.97%     30.27% |          59      3.21%     33.48% |          74      4.03%     37.51% |          56      3.05%     40.56% |          57      3.10%     43.66% |          56      3.05%     46.71% |          56      3.05%     49.76% |          57      3.10%     52.86% |          54      2.94%     55.80% |          56      3.05%     58.85% |          52      2.83%     61.68% |          52      2.83%     64.51% |          53      2.89%     67.39% |          50      2.72%     70.11% |          54      2.94%     73.05% |          56      3.05%     76.10% |          55      2.99%     79.10% |          54      2.94%     82.04% |          52      2.83%     84.87% |          55      2.99%     87.86% |          55      2.99%     90.85% |          53      2.89%     93.74% |          56      3.05%     96.79% |          59      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1837                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          20    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         561      3.37%      3.37% |         470      2.83%      6.20% |         464      2.79%      8.99% |         465      2.80%     11.79% |         510      3.07%     14.86% |         468      2.82%     17.67% |         507      3.05%     20.72% |         529      3.18%     23.91% |         546      3.28%     27.19% |         484      2.91%     30.10% |         534      3.21%     33.31% |         566      3.40%     36.72% |         618      3.72%     40.44% |         561      3.37%     43.81% |         577      3.47%     47.28% |         521      3.13%     50.42% |         531      3.19%     53.61% |         569      3.42%     57.03% |         563      3.39%     60.42% |         506      3.04%     63.46% |         502      3.02%     66.48% |         520      3.13%     69.61% |         483      2.91%     72.52% |         469      2.82%     75.34% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         592      3.56%     82.19% |         534      3.21%     85.40% |         478      2.88%     88.28% |         487      2.93%     91.21% |         508      3.06%     94.26% |         488      2.94%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16624                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18692      7.93%      7.93% |        7080      3.00%     10.93% |        7087      3.01%     13.94% |        7035      2.98%     16.92% |        7001      2.97%     19.89% |        6986      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6993      2.97%     28.79% |        7032      2.98%     31.77% |        7034      2.98%     34.76% |        7066      3.00%     37.75% |        6990      2.96%     40.72% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6993      2.97%     46.65% |        6995      2.97%     49.62% |        6960      2.95%     52.57% |        6998      2.97%     55.54% |        6975      2.96%     58.50% |        7006      2.97%     61.47% |        6984      2.96%     64.43% |        6982      2.96%     67.39% |        6967      2.96%     70.35% |        6993      2.97%     73.31% |        6986      2.96%     76.28% |        7003      2.97%     79.25% |        7006      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6965      2.95%     88.14% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6985      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7023      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235756                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         543      3.25%      3.25% |         472      2.83%      6.08% |         466      2.79%      8.87% |         466      2.79%     11.65% |         512      3.06%     14.72% |         468      2.80%     17.52% |         506      3.03%     20.55% |         531      3.18%     23.73% |         549      3.29%     27.01% |         490      2.93%     29.95% |         536      3.21%     33.16% |         568      3.40%     36.56% |         623      3.73%     40.28% |         567      3.39%     43.68% |         583      3.49%     47.17% |         526      3.15%     50.32% |         536      3.21%     53.53% |         574      3.44%     56.96% |         566      3.39%     60.35% |         512      3.06%     63.41% |         508      3.04%     66.46% |         524      3.14%     69.59% |         484      2.90%     72.49% |         471      2.82%     75.31% |         547      3.27%     78.58% |         595      3.56%     82.14% |         535      3.20%     85.35% |         482      2.89%     88.23% |         493      2.95%     91.18% |         512      3.06%     94.25% |         492      2.95%     97.19% |         469      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16706                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40412      3.13%      3.13% |       40330      3.12%      6.25% |       40342      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40363      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40350      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40352      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40337      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40338      3.12%     93.75% |       40351      3.13%     96.88% |       40332      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291058                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173143      8.48%      8.48% |       64263      3.15%     11.63% |       58764      2.88%     14.51% |       58465      2.86%     17.37% |       57801      2.83%     20.20% |       56504      2.77%     22.97% |       55007      2.69%     25.67% |       55303      2.71%     28.37% |       59199      2.90%     31.27% |       57721      2.83%     34.10% |       60647      2.97%     37.07% |       60211      2.95%     40.02% |       56860      2.79%     42.81% |       56794      2.78%     45.59% |       56448      2.77%     48.35% |       56869      2.79%     51.14% |       59141      2.90%     54.04% |       58517      2.87%     56.90% |       59887      2.93%     59.84% |       60878      2.98%     62.82% |       60909      2.98%     65.80% |       63096      3.09%     68.89% |       64327      3.15%     72.05% |       60551      2.97%     75.01% |       61149      3.00%     78.01% |       62472      3.06%     81.07% |       60797      2.98%     84.05% |       61423      3.01%     87.05% |       64099      3.14%     90.19% |       61917      3.03%     93.23% |       70030      3.43%     96.66% |       68237      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041429                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          19    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      530833     24.28%     24.28% |     1093080     50.00%     74.28% |       70228      3.21%     77.49% |       70847      3.24%     80.73% |       70266      3.21%     83.95% |       70557      3.23%     87.18% |       70109      3.21%     90.38% |       70947      3.25%     93.63% |       69680      3.19%     96.82% |       69613      3.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2186160                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      530833     24.28%     24.28% |     1093080     50.00%     74.28% |       70228      3.21%     77.49% |       70847      3.24%     80.73% |       70266      3.21%     83.95% |       70557      3.23%     87.18% |       70109      3.21%     90.38% |       70947      3.25%     93.63% |       69680      3.19%     96.82% |       69613      3.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2186160                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      530833     24.28%     24.28% |     1093080     50.00%     74.28% |       70228      3.21%     77.49% |       70847      3.24%     80.73% |       70266      3.21%     83.95% |       70557      3.23%     87.18% |       70109      3.21%     90.38% |       70947      3.25%     93.63% |       69680      3.19%     96.82% |       69613      3.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2186160                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      530833     24.28%     24.28% |     1093080     50.00%     74.28% |       70228      3.21%     77.49% |       70847      3.24%     80.73% |       70266      3.21%     83.95% |       70557      3.23%     87.18% |       70109      3.21%     90.38% |       70947      3.25%     93.63% |       69680      3.19%     96.82% |       69613      3.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2186160                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
