
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.091556                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 91555772500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5267723851000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  22677                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    40253                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               51316556                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5543396                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1784.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    40459381                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      71817309                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21125184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21125184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11911040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11911040                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       330081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             330081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186110                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186110                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    230735686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            230735686                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    130096002                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           130096002                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    360831689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           360831689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     330081                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186110                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   330081                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186110                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21123008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2176                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11910912                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21125184                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11911040                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    34                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            20965                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            20972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20661                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    32563                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     5526                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  91555213500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               330081                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186110                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 133384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  16595                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  14361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  12683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  11837                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  11081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   9978                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   9157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   7694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   6982                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  6365                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  5716                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  5221                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  4645                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  4044                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  3720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  3437                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  3053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2383                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2272                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  1756                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  1664                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  1639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  1554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  1563                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  1610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 34444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  30579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  32477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  33304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  33539                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  33746                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   6670                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   6104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   9691                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       139479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   236.831523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   176.411204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   192.445571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39083     28.02%     28.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39019     27.97%     56.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40101     28.75%     84.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7099      5.09%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7586      5.44%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1974      1.42%     96.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1266      0.91%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1069      0.77%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2282      1.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       139479                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.608158                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    25.461795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31104     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        31112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.981872                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.685003                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.400097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          26913     86.50%     86.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2488      8.00%     94.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          996      3.20%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          715      2.30%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        31112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 27175811164                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            33364192414                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1650235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    82339.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              101089.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      230.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      130.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   230.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   130.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.41                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  258523                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 118142                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                78.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               63.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    177366.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   72.97                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15194813000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3057080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    73300714000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              531294120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              523099080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              289892625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              285421125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1291664400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1282546200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604272960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601674480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        37673827380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        36963724230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21883375500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22506273000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          68253975465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          68142386595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          745.529648                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          744.310776                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20698304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20698304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11492800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11492800                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179575                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    226073173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            226073173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    125527858                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           125527858                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    351601031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           351601031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323411                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179575                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323411                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179575                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20696384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1920                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11492800                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20698304                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11492800                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    30                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20460                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           19989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11513                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    30773                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     5071                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  91554942500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323411                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179575                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 130319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  14092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  13878                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  13033                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  12064                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  11185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  10081                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   9080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   7653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   6866                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  6279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  5654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  5243                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  4695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  4320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3502                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  2895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  2692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  2538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  2361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  2194                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  1948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  1819                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  1747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  1686                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  1567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  1514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  1465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  1485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 32486                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  29489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  31256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  31953                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  32379                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  32682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   6607                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   6000                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   9209                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       130588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   246.488314                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.845185                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.746112                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        34645     26.53%     26.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34427     26.36%     52.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40012     30.64%     83.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7086      5.43%     88.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7642      5.85%     94.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2031      1.56%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1368      1.05%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1085      0.83%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2292      1.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       130588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        29981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.786198                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.579214                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        29974     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        29981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        29981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.989627                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.690077                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.401896                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          25754     85.90%     85.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2574      8.59%     94.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1005      3.35%     97.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          648      2.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        29981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 26470102181                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            32533495931                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1616905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    81854.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              100604.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      226.05                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      125.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   226.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   125.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.40                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  255223                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 117136                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               65.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    182022.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   74.03                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15394454000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3057080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    73101086500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              498748320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              488466720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              272134500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              266524500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1266696600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1255542600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583433280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580180320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        37176847515                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        36220454775                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22319322750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23158263750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          68096831445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          67949081145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          743.813183                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          742.199325                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20687488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20687488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11494912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11494912                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323242                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179608                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179608                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    225955037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            225955037                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    125550926                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           125550926                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    351505963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           351505963                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323242                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179608                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323242                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179608                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20686464                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11494784                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20687488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11494912                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19907                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    35091                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     5261                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  91555631000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323242                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179608                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 130410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  13739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  13600                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  12683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  11575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  10858                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   9794                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   8846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   7564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   6822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  6127                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  5631                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  5065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  4470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  4076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3233                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  2698                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  2464                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  2294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  2241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  2080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  1952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  1762                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  1653                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  1634                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  1540                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  1521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  1661                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 36962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  29420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  31062                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  31896                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  32310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  32560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   6658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   6213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   9489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       130520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   246.555440                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   183.803662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.749596                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        34815     26.67%     26.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34081     26.11%     52.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40117     30.74%     83.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6936      5.31%     88.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7752      5.94%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2156      1.65%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1298      0.99%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1096      0.84%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2269      1.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       130520                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        29934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.797788                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.605835                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        29928     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        29934                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        29934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.000067                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.695538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.425615                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          25693     85.83%     85.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2543      8.50%     94.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         1023      3.42%     97.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          675      2.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        29934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 27293571623                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            33354059123                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1616130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    84441.14                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              103191.14                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      225.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      125.55                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   225.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   125.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.41                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  255101                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 117203                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               65.25                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    182073.44                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   74.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15448644750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3057080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    73046121250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              500199840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              486501120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              272926500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              265452000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1265183400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1255878000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583614720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580199760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        37061826930                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        36139247730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22420218000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23229498000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          68083617870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          67936425090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          743.668853                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          742.061085                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20686336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20686336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11488832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11488832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             323224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179513                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179513                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    225942455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            225942455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    125484518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           125484518                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    351426973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           351426973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     323225                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179513                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   323225                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179513                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20685696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11488640                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20686400                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11488832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    32231                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     5217                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  91555031000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               323225                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179513                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 130047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  13983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  13768                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  12998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  11994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  11086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  10013                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   9097                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   7720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   7062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  6341                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  5705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  5090                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  4675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  4188                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3644                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3038                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  2848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  2555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  2355                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  2224                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  2145                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  2003                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  1907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  1767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  1619                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  1559                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  1498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  1536                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  1524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 33907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  29391                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  31205                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  31935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  32411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  32597                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   6541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   6146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   9287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       130419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   246.693381                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   184.064807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   196.894571                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        34519     26.47%     26.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34387     26.37%     52.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        40067     30.72%     83.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7019      5.38%     88.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7615      5.84%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2079      1.59%     96.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1320      1.01%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1111      0.85%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2302      1.77%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       130419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        29920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.801771                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    22.187271                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        29909     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        29920                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        29920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.999666                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.694006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     2.432703                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          25735     86.01%     86.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2495      8.34%     94.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          990      3.31%     97.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          700      2.34%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        29920                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 26751710238                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            32811972738                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1616070000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    82767.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              101517.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      225.94                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      125.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   225.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   125.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.40                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  255077                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 117223                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               65.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    182112.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   74.06                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15176757250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3057080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    73318458750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              497531160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              488428920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              271470375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              266503875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1264715400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1256244600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583258320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            579966480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         5979648480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        36904081140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        36119229615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22558591500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23247057750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          68059296375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          67937079720                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          743.403192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          742.068235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1347                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              220                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          440                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4930                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          972                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3983                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4863                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              468068                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115068                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1791500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16881224                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 42.243626                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.696192                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                55.947722                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16112486     95.45%     95.45% |      506934      3.00%     98.45% |      152391      0.90%     99.35% |       68555      0.41%     99.76% |       27893      0.17%     99.92% |        9953      0.06%     99.98% |        2660      0.02%    100.00% |         337      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16881224                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     31854975                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.406536                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.816179                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.921260                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    28579485     89.72%     89.72% |     1806501      5.67%     95.39% |      677498      2.13%     97.52% |      378865      1.19%     98.70% |      200691      0.63%     99.33% |      104026      0.33%     99.66% |       55134      0.17%     99.83% |       33657      0.11%     99.94% |       19118      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      31854975                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            31854972                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              29.729861                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.468336                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            136.506432                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    31733882     99.62%     99.62% |       99467      0.31%     99.93% |       17207      0.05%     99.99% |        3403      0.01%    100.00% |         761      0.00%    100.00% |         171      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              31854972                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        28781744                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.011469                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.008736                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.157559                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    28596163     99.36%     99.36% |       84973      0.30%     99.65% |       62327      0.22%     99.87% |       32648      0.11%     99.98% |        5628      0.02%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          28781744                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3073228                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        279.955978                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       181.446674                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       351.920971                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2952138     96.06%     96.06% |       99467      3.24%     99.30% |       17207      0.56%     99.86% |        3403      0.11%     99.97% |         761      0.02%     99.99% |         171      0.01%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3073228                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         579434                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       579434                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          223                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          256                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          298                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          230                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     19333318                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       686142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20019460                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9041489                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123416                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9164905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       695825                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30666                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       219731                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1717945                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54340                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24858                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       142054                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        62609                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25095                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141817                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        62111                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25133                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141779                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        62444                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        24890                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       142022                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        62303                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25093                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141819                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        62563                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25100                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141812                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        62310                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25714                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141198                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        62654                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25691                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141221                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        62349                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25718                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141194                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.fully_busy_cycles        62610                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25724                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141188                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.fully_busy_cycles        62554                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141621                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.fully_busy_cycles        62498                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141113                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.fully_busy_cycles        62569                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25767                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.fully_busy_cycles        62574                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25688                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.fully_busy_cycles        62495                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25668                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141244                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.fully_busy_cycles        62578                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits        25708                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses       141204                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       166912                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles        62504                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       113903                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        50645                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       164548                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        50357                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43977                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        94334                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        50942                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        44049                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        94991                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        50532                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        44018                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        94550                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        49960                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        44037                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        93997                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        49603                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43984                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        93587                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        48416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        44026                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        92442                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        48774                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        44028                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        92802                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        50220                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        44010                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        94230                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        49771                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43995                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        93766                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        49861                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43986                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        93847                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        49583                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43949                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        93532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        48789                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43957                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        92746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        48945                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        44008                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        92953                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        51553                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        44033                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        95586                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        49470                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43971                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        93441                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        48868                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43920                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        92788                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        49112                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        44055                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        93167                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        49645                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        44022                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        93667                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        48944                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43973                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        92917                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        50016                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        43900                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        93916                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        49738                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43964                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        93702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        50402                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43921                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        94323                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        49789                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43978                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        93767                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        53044                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43911                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        96955                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        53879                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        43906                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        97785                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        48940                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        43950                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        92890                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        49238                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        93135                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        48880                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43955                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        92835                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        48105                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        44010                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        92115                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        48593                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43982                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        92575                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        51363                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43977                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        95340                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        51327                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     16555492                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     16555492                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     17176635                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16555491                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7841243                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7782311                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     16555490                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.090412                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     10663370                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     10663370                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11489661                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10663370                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6122679                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5966814                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     10663370                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.058234                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7808767                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7808767                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8265598                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7808767                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3374478                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3342947                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7808767                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.042645                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      7243541                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      7243541                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7717276                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7243541                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3233752                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3206333                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      7243541                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.039558                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8180675                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8180675                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8675234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8180675                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4055627                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4010459                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8180675                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.044676                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8152852                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8152852                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8728763                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8152852                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4099911                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4040836                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8152852                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.044524                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9890863                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9890863                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10541890                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9890863                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4193058                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4148875                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9890863                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.054016                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      8455814                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      8455814                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9124568                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8455814                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3892581                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3850378                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      8455814                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.046178                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      5043056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      5043056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5313954                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5043056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2262171                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2246324                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      5043056                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.027541                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      6407929                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      6407929                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6867287                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6407929                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3010918                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2985261                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      6407929                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.034995                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      6264151                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      6264151                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6738876                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6264151                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2802190                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2771615                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      6264151                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.034209                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      5086254                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      5086254                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5342471                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5086254                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2245540                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2230378                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      5086254                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.027777                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      6452960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      6452960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6846031                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6452960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3002207                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2979780                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      6452960                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.035241                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      5898238                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      5898238                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6326044                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5898238                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2657329                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2629490                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      5898238                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.032211                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4264612                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4264612                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4525324                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4264612                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1977899                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1960656                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4264612                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.023290                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5688019                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5688019                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6111030                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5688019                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2746632                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2681735                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5688019                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.031063                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      6680650                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      6680650                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7113513                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6680650                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3110599                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3051642                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      6680650                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.036484                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6029545                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6029545                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6410150                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6029545                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2845510                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2819817                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6029545                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.032928                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      4387716                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      4387716                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4527399                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4387716                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2007998                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2002728                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      4387716                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.023962                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2991310                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2991310                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3094164                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2991310                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1343974                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1339606                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2991310                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.016336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1846477                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1846477                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1855928                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1846477                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       874802                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       874505                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1846477                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010084                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2234180                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2234180                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2248719                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2234180                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1144941                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1143852                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2234180                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012201                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2188504                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2188504                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2205470                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2188504                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1082885                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1081892                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2188504                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011952                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1536620                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1536620                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1541026                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1536620                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       733054                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       732736                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1536620                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.008392                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1778675                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1778675                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1787835                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1778675                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       811761                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       811459                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1778675                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.009714                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2186101                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2186101                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2200350                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2186101                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1112806                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1111869                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2186101                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.011939                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2182875                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2182875                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2199685                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2182875                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1076479                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1075447                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2182875                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011921                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1549209                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1549209                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1553741                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1549209                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       739566                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       739281                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1549209                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.008460                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7637815                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7637815                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8289132                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7637815                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3314403                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3283623                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7637815                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.041711                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7641657                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7641657                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8181975                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7641657                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3329456                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3308189                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7641657                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.041732                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8588768                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8588768                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9424261                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8588768                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3771292                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3721720                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8588768                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.046905                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8312337                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8312337                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9026313                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8312337                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3704116                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3669501                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8312337                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.045395                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13207489     28.48%     28.48% |    30231786     65.18%     93.66% |     2941340      6.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     46380615                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13207491     28.48%     28.48% |    30231787     65.18%     93.66% |     2941340      6.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     46380618                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   462372653                       |   811733035                       |    73403258                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   391965813                       |   146808206                       |     2989365                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   35.008369                       |   26.850317                       |   24.955720                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   29.677542                       |    4.856088                       |    1.016328                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.053279                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    11.680815                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         40.734094                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004188                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.091663      7.11%      7.11% |    0.091024      7.06%     14.16% |    0.090651      7.03%     21.19% |    0.090170      6.99%     28.18% |    0.210176     16.29%     44.47% |    0.210000     16.28%     60.75% |    0.209877     16.27%     77.02% |    0.209640     16.25%     93.27% |    0.021698      1.68%     94.96% |    0.021696      1.68%     96.64% |    0.021696      1.68%     98.32% |    0.021684      1.68%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.289977                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.032396                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023665                       |    0.000000                       |    0.003100                       |    0.003131                       |    0.003099                       |    0.003100                       |    0.003110                       |    0.003123                       |    0.003080                       |    0.003078                       |    0.003029                       |    0.003094                       |    0.003074                       |    0.003056                       |    0.003076                       |    0.003069                       |    0.003057                       |    0.003069                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006410                       |    0.003892                       |    0.003841                       |    0.003873                       |    0.003844                       |    0.003848                       |    0.003839                       |    0.003820                       |    0.003834                       |    0.003915                       |    0.003910                       |    0.003895                       |    0.003878                       |    0.003858                       |    0.003824                       |    0.003836                       |    0.003882                       |    0.003866                       |    0.003871                       |    0.003862                       |    0.003845                       |    0.003930                       |    0.003860                       |    0.003839                       |    0.003852                       |    0.003868                       |    0.003846                       |    0.003869                       |    0.003866                       |    0.003880                       |    0.003966                       |    0.003997                       |    0.010806                       |    0.010586                       |    0.010581                       |    0.010580                       |    0.000131                       |           0                       |    0.002421                       |    0.005591                       |    0.000198                       |    0.000203                       |    0.000197                       |    0.000202                       |    0.000198                       |    0.000202                       |    0.000196                       |    0.000197                       |    0.000195                       |    0.000197                       |    0.000199                       |    0.000198                       |    0.000194                       |    0.000196                       |    0.000197                       |    0.000200                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003480                       |    0.000133                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003976                       |    0.002494                       |    0.004568                       |    0.003464                       |    0.000196                       |    0.004267                       |    0.009186                       |    0.005860                       |           0                       |    0.003483                       |    0.007532                       |           0                       |    0.011018                       |    0.013960                       |    0.005719                       |    0.004595                       |    0.003464                       |    0.000198                       |    0.012219                       |    0.010006                       |    0.012163                       |    0.004596                       |    0.003485                       |    0.000203                       |    0.014742                       |    0.009746                       |    0.006787                       |           0                       |    0.003473                       |    0.007316                       |           0                       |    0.015548                       |    0.010026                       |    0.005369                       |    0.004564                       |    0.003499                       |    0.000197                       |    0.009387                       |    0.004068                       |    0.006060                       |           0                       |    0.003476                       |           0                       |    0.003852                       |    0.002386                       |           0                       |    0.003544                       |           0                       |    0.001840                       |    0.003930                       |    0.002887                       |    0.004569                       |    0.003507                       |    0.000197                       |    0.005437                       |    0.004259                       |    0.009239                       |    0.007788                       |    0.004586                       |    0.003465                       |    0.000197                       |    0.005634                       |    0.011962                       |    0.012541                       |    0.006291                       |    0.025928                       |    0.005295                       |    0.002421                       |    0.006804                       |    0.017999                       |    0.022697                       |    0.009267                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003491                       |    0.005591                       |    0.006798                       |    0.016258                       |    0.016968                       |    0.009127                       |    0.004600                       |    0.003459                       |    0.000202                       |    0.008133                       |    0.012530                       |    0.010821                       |    0.004779                       |    0.004576                       |    0.003497                       |    0.000199                       |    0.006712                       |    0.009442                       |    0.004192                       |    0.006623                       |           0                       |    0.003481                       |           0                       |    0.001793                       |    0.003868                       |    0.002796                       |           0                       |    0.003481                       |           0                       |    0.001518                       |    0.003860                       |    0.003094                       |    0.004555                       |    0.003510                       |    0.000195                       |    0.006053                       |    0.004119                       |    0.009123                       |    0.006655                       |           0                       |    0.003569                       |    0.007315                       |           0                       |    0.004579                       |    0.010899                       |    0.013849                       |    0.006694                       |    0.004590                       |    0.003466                       |    0.000198                       |    0.016955                       |    0.012056                       |    0.010059                       |    0.006692                       |    0.004594                       |    0.003455                       |    0.000202                       |    0.006737                       |    0.014643                       |    0.009845                       |    0.006703                       |           0                       |    0.003561                       |    0.007312                       |           0                       |    0.005595                       |    0.015654                       |    0.010154                       |    0.003118                       |    0.004558                       |    0.003468                       |    0.000198                       |    0.007341                       |    0.009367                       |    0.004162                       |    0.003117                       |           0                       |    0.003475                       |           0                       |    0.001493                       |    0.003846                       |    0.003107                       |           0                       |    0.003466                       |           0                       |    0.001086                       |    0.003839                       |    0.004566                       |    0.003453                       |    0.000194                       |    0.004530                       |    0.001459                       |    0.009088                       |    0.004568                       |    0.003459                       |    0.000196                       |    0.004888                       |    0.005701                       |    0.012250                       |    0.004565                       |    0.003497                       |    0.000197                       |    0.009109                       |    0.008180                       |    0.010936                       |    0.004565                       |    0.003476                       |    0.000200                       |    0.004193                       |    0.010407                       |    0.010087                       |           0                       |    0.003493                       |           0                       |    0.006827                       |    0.008154                       |    0.005488                       |           0                       |    0.003488                       |           0                       |    0.004477                       |    0.006886                       |    0.001485                       |           0                       |    0.003475                       |           0                       |    0.001117                       |    0.003869                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.289977                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         7828722                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      7828722                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343204                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5668359                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5140302                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.684129                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          515904                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30770                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12382551                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73119                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14067741                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138462                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         12455670                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14206203                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  26450292                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211581                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              26661873                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9171829                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9554                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9181383                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9171829                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9554                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9181383                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                179361845                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     30534340                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               47246085                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             7828722                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5656206                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             143660354                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177413                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       277332                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       329490                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9171224                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189401                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    175516432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.493197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.692858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        158230307     90.15%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1707338      0.97%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2526007      1.44%     92.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           674445      0.38%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3805204      2.17%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5           992644      0.57%     95.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1323572      0.75%     96.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           399281      0.23%     96.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          5857634      3.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    175516432                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.043648                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.263412                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11349522                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     152048218                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6091639                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5634532                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392514                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       82976882                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392514                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13733772                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        92961657                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10670813                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9157645                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      48600024                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       81409149                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59378                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        3694071                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     87631747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     192688127                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    121110142                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      76466078                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11165641                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292573                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296279                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          37628726                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6403424                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14383309                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1164483                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1001708                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           79959487                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       471931                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          83602924                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270779                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8345395                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13316032                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96380                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    175516432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.476325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    142498452     81.19%     81.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13027272      7.42%     88.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      6968536      3.97%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4220210      2.40%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3642852      2.08%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2468344      1.41%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023706      1.15%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413894      0.24%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253166      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    175516432                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104535     10.38%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784676     77.88%     88.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118350     11.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338310      0.40%      0.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      56716525     67.84%     68.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43647      0.05%     68.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12206456     14.60%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14245923     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       83602924                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.466113                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007561                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012052                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    344000339                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     88784432                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     76454938                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       84272034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1397974                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2680                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557025                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7153387                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392514                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5014761                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84067223                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     80431418                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98486                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6403424                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14383309                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       463076                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          78869                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123930                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282374                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406304                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      82991879                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12016017                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400445                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             26100696                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6505271                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14084679                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.462706                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               76555503                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              76455043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          39584512                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          61494638                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.426261                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.643707                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8530757                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       375551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356370                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    174103968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.412497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310757                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    147292744     84.60%     84.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11464711      6.58%     91.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6639681      3.81%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2418338      1.39%     96.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1422475      0.82%     97.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       959398      0.55%     97.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508665      0.29%     98.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904309      0.52%     98.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2493647      1.43%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    174103968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     40459380                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       71817306                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               19020515                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5194239                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6061015                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          71416238                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       437806                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147629      0.21%      0.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     52556064     73.18%     73.39% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5194239      7.23%     80.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     13826276     19.25%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     71817306                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2493647                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            251825909                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           162119259                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85059                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3845413                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            40459380                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              71817306                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.433134                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.433134                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.225574                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.225574                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        125478732                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        55475922                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          31652783                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25778069                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        39514488                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289218                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               3743369000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            3743369000.000005                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8158121                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        56.736542                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       36.707261                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       76.806938                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     7392670     90.62%     90.62% |      503914      6.18%     96.79% |      152135      1.86%     98.66% |       68544      0.84%     99.50% |       27893      0.34%     99.84% |        9953      0.12%     99.96% |        2660      0.03%    100.00% |         337      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8158121                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8400825                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        28.745880                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.005528                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       12.724828                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     8306694     98.88%     98.88% |       90844      1.08%     99.96% |        2678      0.03%     99.99% |         342      0.00%    100.00% |         187      0.00%    100.00% |          69      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8400825                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        322278                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        27.216952                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       25.022548                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev       10.616552                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       40644     12.61%     12.61% |      169077     52.46%     65.07% |      100324     31.13%     96.20% |       11941      3.71%     99.91% |         285      0.09%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          322278                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          7916234                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           72.053499                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           7.963001                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         223.623405                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     7829426     98.90%     98.90% |       70215      0.89%     99.79% |       13255      0.17%     99.96% |        2574      0.03%     99.99% |         583      0.01%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            7916234                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6049112                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.042967                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.032425                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.311373                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5912340     97.74%     97.74% |       53751      0.89%     98.63% |       48507      0.80%     99.43% |       28909      0.48%     99.91% |        5604      0.09%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6049112                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1867122                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     295.634196                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    181.754115                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    382.888689                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1780314     95.35%     95.35% |       70215      3.76%     99.11% |       13255      0.71%     99.82% |        2574      0.14%     99.96% |         583      0.03%     99.99% |         120      0.01%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1867122                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         14545514                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           23.137446                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.091720                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         109.754424                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    14511252     99.76%     99.76% |       29232      0.20%     99.97% |        3952      0.03%     99.99% |         829      0.01%    100.00% |         178      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           14545514                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     13477690                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.005201                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.004150                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.094427                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13428980     99.64%     99.64% |       31123      0.23%     99.87% |       13820      0.10%     99.97% |        3739      0.03%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       13477690                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1067824                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     277.239400                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    202.084241                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    307.251121                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1033562     96.79%     96.79% |       29232      2.74%     99.53% |        3952      0.37%     99.90% |         829      0.08%     99.98% |         178      0.02%     99.99% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          18      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1067824                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9164903                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.128610                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.133469                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.024026                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9162103     99.97%     99.97% |        2507      0.03%    100.00% |         246      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9164903                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9041489                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9041489    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9041489                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123414                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.812217                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.026727                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.698021                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120614     97.73%     97.73% |        2507      2.03%     99.76% |         246      0.20%     99.96% |          27      0.02%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123414                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227017                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.960201                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.740824                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.190480                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223059     98.26%     98.26% |        3050      1.34%     99.60% |         773      0.34%     99.94% |          71      0.03%     99.97% |          29      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227017                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021596                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212078     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14840                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.467992                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.600208                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.374651                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.33%     73.33% |        3050     20.55%     93.88% |         773      5.21%     99.09% |          71      0.48%     99.57% |          29      0.20%     99.76% |          29      0.20%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14840                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       368512                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7271384                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        74863                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    41949                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    41831                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    42563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    41677                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    42184                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    41963                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    41347                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    41932                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    41884                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    41551                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   41532                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   41507                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   41602                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   41555                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   42172                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   41602                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 124995                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 125113                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 124381                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 125267                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 124760                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 124981                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 125597                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 125012                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                 125060                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                 125393                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                125412                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                125437                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                125342                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                125389                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                124772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                125342                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   111286                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   110572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   111005                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   110736                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   110956                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   110695                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   111871                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   111308                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                   111676                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                   111475                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                  111311                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                  111502                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                  112023                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                  111774                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                  111489                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                  111309                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses              166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses              166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              166944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 6678177                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 6666253                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 6678048                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6663709                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 6679187                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 6661342                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 6703242                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 6686623                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 6710666                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 6701425                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                6697639                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                6701623                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                6701133                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                6717653                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                6699598                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4301678507                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                 121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                 121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                 121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 121888                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 45056                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                28077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                28348                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                28464                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                28156                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                28368                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                28356                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                27446                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                28082                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                27819                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                27796                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               27750                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits               27587                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               27539                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits               27574                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               27781                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits               27598                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              93811                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              93540                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              93424                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              93732                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              93520                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              93532                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              94442                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              93806                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              94069                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses              94092                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             94138                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             94301                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             94349                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses             94314                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             94107                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             94290                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               13872                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               13483                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               14099                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               13521                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               13816                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               13607                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               13901                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               13850                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               14065                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               13755                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              13782                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              13920                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              14063                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              13981                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              14391                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              14004                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             31184                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             31573                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             30957                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             31535                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             31240                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             31449                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             31155                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             31206                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             30991                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             31301                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            31274                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            31136                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            30993                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            31075                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            30665                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            31052                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      64                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                7373622                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                7358453                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                7367011                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                7364070                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                7374147                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                7358947                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                7380523                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                7373965                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                7373104                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                7368907                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               7373666                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               7374617                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               7373733                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               7374529                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               7373029                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               7375364                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                   1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               6891843                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               6888138                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               6893460                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               6899303                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               6894294                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               6890755                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               6856825                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               6892837                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               6859529                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               6875064                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              6875905                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              6874188                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              6843057                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              6839336                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              6843994                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              6869323                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            2623108                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            2622976                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            2623389                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            2623448                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            2623044                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            2622976                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            2630057                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            2622976                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            2623577                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            2623311                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           2623245                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           2624480                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           2624561                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           2631520                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           2623430                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           2624230                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2468608                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2540469                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2499067                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2555983                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2521387                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2570407                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2456140                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2441310                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2439236                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2465671                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2398061                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2463923                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2437847                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2485929                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2448386                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2436857                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          6891843                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          6888138                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          6893460                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          6899303                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          6894294                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          6890755                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          6856825                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          6892837                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          6859529                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          6875064                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         6875905                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         6874188                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         6843057                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         6839336                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         6843994                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         6869323                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       2622973                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       2622976                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       2622973                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       2622973                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       2622973                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       2622976                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       2622958                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       2622976                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       2622970                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       2622973                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      2622970                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      2622964                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      2622958                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      2622958                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      2622973                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      2622961                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2468608                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2527728                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2494671                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2541788                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2488570                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2544637                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2449359                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2436773                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2434892                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2441073                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2398061                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2447590                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2437847                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2475958                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2434940                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2424224                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            7048287                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            7031973                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            7046245                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            7036198                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            7051487                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            7033045                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            7071010                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            7054622                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            7062027                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            7059347                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           7061346                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           7073618                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           7073738                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           7077887                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           7061508                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           7061721                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         175716468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         175716464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        175716460                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        175716466                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        175716480                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        175716476                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        175716472                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        175716468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          7271797                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          7284269                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          7260068                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          7274081                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          7263675                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          7251096                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          7274183                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          7308123                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          7256780                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          7280854                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         7267034                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         7270474                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         7263524                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         7268712                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         7268248                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         7274499                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             22859                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             23094                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             22715                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             23196                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             22920                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             23033                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             23072                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             22939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             22939                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             23007                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            23173                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            23261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            22913                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0            23051                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            23051                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            23289                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              4722                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              4930                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              4760                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              4856                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              4700                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              4860                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              4555                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              4615                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              4510                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              4666                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             4710                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             4594                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             4469                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             4545                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             4623                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             4748                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              8525                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              9005                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              8597                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              8829                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              8604                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              8970                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              8254                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              8444                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              8264                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              8403                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             8549                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             8269                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             8121                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             8252                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             8373                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             8600                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         5356426                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         5379230                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         5414264                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         5444685                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         5419135                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         5427438                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         5299982                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         5408028                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         5394458                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         5307835                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        5388168                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        5378145                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        5327944                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        5366030                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        5424008                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        5472682                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      330056     25.39%     25.39% |      323411     24.88%     50.27% |      323242     24.87%     75.14% |      323225     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1299934                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180293     25.70%     25.70% |      173754     24.77%     50.47% |      173782     24.77%     75.24% |      173686     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701515                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      330081     25.39%     25.39% |      323411     24.88%     50.27% |      323242     24.87%     75.14% |      323224     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1299958                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186110     25.68%     25.68% |      179575     24.78%     50.45% |      179608     24.78%     75.23% |      179513     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724806                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141572     25.03%     25.03% |      141465     25.01%     50.04% |      141268     24.97%     75.01% |      141347     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       565652                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      330056     25.39%     25.39% |      323411     24.88%     50.27% |      323242     24.87%     75.14% |      323225     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1299934                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180057     25.69%     25.69% |      173575     24.77%     50.46% |      173608     24.77%     75.24% |      173513     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700753                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141572     25.03%     25.03% |      141465     25.01%     50.04% |      141268     24.97%     75.01% |      141347     24.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       565652                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      330056     25.39%     25.39% |      323411     24.88%     50.27% |      323242     24.87%     75.14% |      323224     24.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1299933                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180057     25.69%     25.69% |      173575     24.77%     50.46% |      173608     24.77%     75.24% |      173513     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700753                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5967507     75.29%     75.29% |          18      0.00%     75.29% |      122342      1.54%     76.84% |      122348      1.54%     78.38% |      122283      1.54%     79.92% |      122394      1.54%     81.47% |      122352      1.54%     83.01% |      122323      1.54%     84.55% |      122488      1.55%     86.10% |      122368      1.54%     87.64% |      122382      1.54%     89.19% |      122441      1.54%     90.73% |      122386      1.54%     92.28% |      122396      1.54%     93.82% |      122490      1.55%     95.37% |      122441      1.54%     96.91% |      122414      1.54%     98.46% |      122347      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      7925720                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9164961    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9164961                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14053049     95.07%     95.07% |           0      0.00%     95.07% |       45490      0.31%     95.38% |       45501      0.31%     95.69% |       45505      0.31%     96.00% |       45526      0.31%     96.31% |       45505      0.31%     96.61% |       45489      0.31%     96.92% |       45508      0.31%     97.23% |       45512      0.31%     97.54% |       45476      0.31%     97.84% |       45533      0.31%     98.15% |       45546      0.31%     98.46% |       45487      0.31%     98.77% |       45501      0.31%     99.08% |       45516      0.31%     99.38% |       45488      0.31%     99.69% |       45473      0.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     14781105                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17002      6.90%      6.90% |          18      0.01%      6.91% |       13958      5.67%     12.57% |       13606      5.52%     18.10% |       14818      6.01%     24.11% |       13801      5.60%     29.71% |       14063      5.71%     35.42% |       13789      5.60%     41.02% |       14400      5.85%     46.86% |       14481      5.88%     52.74% |       15533      6.31%     59.05% |       15292      6.21%     65.25% |       14785      6.00%     71.26% |       14754      5.99%     77.24% |       13627      5.53%     82.78% |       13737      5.58%     88.35% |       14156      5.75%     94.10% |       14539      5.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       246359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      805092     25.98%     25.98% |           0      0.00%     25.98% |      144028      4.65%     30.62% |      143830      4.64%     35.26% |      143554      4.63%     39.89% |      144011      4.65%     44.54% |      143973      4.65%     49.19% |      143795      4.64%     53.83% |      143098      4.62%     58.44% |      143007      4.61%     63.06% |      143066      4.62%     67.67% |      143135      4.62%     72.29% |      143560      4.63%     76.92% |      142872      4.61%     81.53% |      143071      4.62%     86.15% |      143143      4.62%     90.77% |      143161      4.62%     95.39% |      143017      4.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3099413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1753      6.18%      6.18% |        1751      6.17%     12.35% |        1804      6.36%     18.71% |        1664      5.86%     24.57% |        1725      6.08%     30.65% |        1730      6.10%     36.75% |        1836      6.47%     43.22% |        1780      6.27%     49.50% |        1787      6.30%     55.79% |        1813      6.39%     62.18% |        1763      6.21%     68.40% |        1779      6.27%     74.67% |        1853      6.53%     81.20% |        1787      6.30%     87.50% |        1793      6.32%     93.82% |        1754      6.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        28372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2992      6.29%      6.30% |        3363      7.07%     13.37% |        3164      6.65%     20.02% |        2712      5.70%     25.73% |        3147      6.62%     32.35% |        3278      6.89%     39.24% |        2939      6.18%     45.42% |        2984      6.28%     51.70% |        2608      5.49%     57.18% |        3497      7.35%     64.54% |        2980      6.27%     70.81% |        2867      6.03%     76.84% |        2843      5.98%     82.81% |        2619      5.51%     88.32% |        2623      5.52%     93.84% |        2929      6.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        47547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      186755     12.54%     12.54% |          16      0.00%     12.54% |       82055      5.51%     18.06% |       83766      5.63%     23.68% |       81116      5.45%     29.13% |       83436      5.60%     34.74% |       82286      5.53%     40.26% |       83239      5.59%     45.85% |       81501      5.47%     51.33% |       81376      5.47%     56.79% |       78119      5.25%     62.04% |       79907      5.37%     67.41% |       80157      5.38%     72.79% |       79658      5.35%     78.14% |       81975      5.51%     83.65% |       82000      5.51%     89.16% |       80774      5.43%     94.58% |       80687      5.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1488823                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        2885      6.07%      6.07% |        2823      5.94%     12.01% |        3159      6.64%     18.65% |        2940      6.18%     24.84% |        2964      6.23%     31.07% |        2726      5.73%     36.80% |        2981      6.27%     43.07% |        2905      6.11%     49.18% |        3043      6.40%     55.58% |        3243      6.82%     62.40% |        2988      6.28%     68.69% |        3231      6.80%     75.48% |        2597      5.46%     80.95% |        3095      6.51%     87.45% |        2838      5.97%     93.42% |        3127      6.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        47547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622779     40.52%     40.52% |           0      0.00%     40.52% |       57114      3.72%     44.24% |       55228      3.59%     47.83% |       57504      3.74%     51.58% |       55646      3.62%     55.20% |       56569      3.68%     58.88% |       55847      3.63%     62.51% |       56716      3.69%     66.20% |       56940      3.71%     69.91% |       60032      3.91%     73.81% |       58038      3.78%     77.59% |       58476      3.80%     81.39% |       58224      3.79%     85.18% |       56573      3.68%     88.86% |       56129      3.65%     92.52% |       57632      3.75%     96.27% |       57390      3.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1536837                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      683076     27.70%     27.70% |           0      0.00%     27.70% |      112432      4.56%     32.26% |      113714      4.61%     36.87% |      110989      4.50%     41.37% |      114045      4.63%     46.00% |      112436      4.56%     50.56% |      113344      4.60%     55.16% |      111295      4.51%     59.67% |      111204      4.51%     64.18% |      108109      4.38%     68.56% |      109214      4.43%     72.99% |      110256      4.47%     77.46% |      109656      4.45%     81.91% |      112062      4.54%     86.45% |      112217      4.55%     91.01% |      111176      4.51%     95.51% |      110605      4.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2465830                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      186124      9.97%      9.97% |           9      0.00%      9.97% |      105369      5.65%     15.62% |      105239      5.64%     21.26% |      105180      5.64%     26.90% |      105364      5.65%     32.54% |      105122      5.63%     38.18% |      105147      5.63%     43.81% |      104795      5.62%     49.43% |      104943      5.62%     55.05% |      104883      5.62%     60.67% |      104832      5.62%     66.29% |      105173      5.64%     71.93% |      104792      5.62%     77.54% |      104684      5.61%     83.15% |      104728      5.61%     88.76% |      104793      5.62%     94.38% |      104880      5.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1866057                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120972    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498893     46.08%     46.08% |           0      0.00%     46.08% |       36685      3.39%     49.47% |       36577      3.38%     52.85% |       36599      3.38%     56.23% |       36657      3.39%     59.62% |       36694      3.39%     63.01% |       36663      3.39%     66.39% |       36403      3.36%     69.75% |       36278      3.35%     73.11% |       36310      3.35%     76.46% |       36356      3.36%     79.82% |       36448      3.37%     83.18% |       36320      3.35%     86.54% |       36461      3.37%     89.91% |       36496      3.37%     93.28% |       36451      3.37%     96.64% |       36324      3.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1082615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      5.17%      5.17% |           0      0.00%      5.17% |       12471      5.83%     11.00% |       12069      5.65%     16.65% |       12981      6.07%     22.72% |       12105      5.66%     28.39% |       12485      5.84%     34.23% |       12269      5.74%     39.97% |       12541      5.87%     45.83% |       12821      6.00%     51.83% |       13665      6.39%     58.22% |       13628      6.38%     64.60% |       13245      6.20%     70.80% |       13156      6.15%     76.95% |       11896      5.57%     82.52% |       11905      5.57%     88.09% |       12533      5.86%     93.95% |       12936      6.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       213757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1049     98.41%     98.41% |           9      0.84%     99.25% |           0      0.00%     99.25% |           1      0.09%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           0      0.00%     99.34% |           3      0.28%     99.62% |           2      0.19%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           0      0.00%     99.81% |           1      0.09%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           1      0.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1066                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2444    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2444                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          55     98.21%     98.21% |           0      0.00%     98.21% |           0      0.00%     98.21% |           0      0.00%     98.21% |           0      0.00%     98.21% |           1      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1516      2.73%      2.73% |           0      0.00%      2.73% |        3200      5.77%      8.50% |        3198      5.76%     14.26% |        3575      6.44%     20.70% |        3271      5.89%     26.59% |        3261      5.88%     32.47% |        3189      5.75%     38.21% |        3604      6.49%     44.71% |        3346      6.03%     50.74% |        3622      6.53%     57.26% |        3431      6.18%     63.44% |        3239      5.84%     69.28% |        3337      6.01%     75.29% |        3502      6.31%     81.60% |        3559      6.41%     88.01% |        3334      6.01%     94.02% |        3320      5.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        55504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     11.53%     11.53% |           0      0.00%     11.53% |        4002      5.62%     17.15% |        3959      5.56%     22.71% |        4235      5.95%     28.66% |        4026      5.66%     34.32% |        4012      5.64%     39.95% |        4020      5.65%     45.60% |        3525      4.95%     50.55% |        3893      5.47%     56.02% |        4310      6.05%     62.08% |        4333      6.09%     68.16% |        4066      5.71%     73.88% |        4267      5.99%     79.87% |        3350      4.71%     84.58% |        3230      4.54%     89.11% |        3729      5.24%     94.35% |        4020      5.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        71184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9041489    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9041489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3398     40.88%     40.88% |           2      0.02%     40.90% |         287      3.45%     44.35% |         329      3.96%     48.31% |         423      5.09%     53.40% |         321      3.86%     57.26% |         269      3.24%     60.50% |         337      4.05%     64.55% |         332      3.99%     68.54% |         275      3.31%     71.85% |         310      3.73%     75.58% |         276      3.32%     78.90% |         266      3.20%     82.10% |         292      3.51%     85.61% |         364      4.38%     89.99% |         287      3.45%     93.44% |         306      3.68%     97.12% |         239      2.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         8313                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     22.33%     22.33% |           0      0.00%     22.33% |       25910      4.81%     27.14% |       24392      4.52%     31.66% |       26703      4.95%     36.61% |       24193      4.49%     41.10% |       25607      4.75%     45.85% |       24765      4.59%     50.45% |       25787      4.78%     55.23% |       26159      4.85%     60.08% |       28950      5.37%     65.45% |       28031      5.20%     70.65% |       27614      5.12%     75.77% |       27607      5.12%     80.89% |       25069      4.65%     85.54% |       24936      4.63%     90.17% |       26222      4.86%     95.03% |       26767      4.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       539086                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3232836     93.99%     93.99% |           0      0.00%     93.99% |       12485      0.36%     94.35% |       12657      0.37%     94.72% |       12441      0.36%     95.08% |       12466      0.36%     95.44% |       12719      0.37%     95.81% |       12687      0.37%     96.18% |       13536      0.39%     96.58% |       13020      0.38%     96.95% |       12662      0.37%     97.32% |       12691      0.37%     97.69% |       12617      0.37%     98.06% |       12796      0.37%     98.43% |       13822      0.40%     98.83% |       13898      0.40%     99.24% |       13334      0.39%     99.62% |       12956      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3439623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35521    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35521                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2331     20.03%     20.03% |          16      0.14%     20.17% |         537      4.61%     24.78% |         583      5.01%     29.79% |         636      5.47%     35.26% |         617      5.30%     40.56% |         601      5.16%     45.72% |         556      4.78%     50.50% |         558      4.80%     55.30% |         587      5.04%     60.34% |         634      5.45%     65.79% |         531      4.56%     70.35% |         478      4.11%     74.46% |         594      5.10%     79.57% |         614      5.28%     84.84% |         674      5.79%     90.63% |         542      4.66%     95.29% |         548      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        11637                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      148816     10.69%     10.69% |           0      0.00%     10.69% |       78370      5.63%     16.33% |       79685      5.73%     22.05% |       77157      5.54%     27.60% |       79982      5.75%     33.34% |       78381      5.63%     38.97% |       79235      5.69%     44.67% |       77864      5.60%     50.26% |       77670      5.58%     55.84% |       74725      5.37%     61.21% |       75731      5.44%     66.66% |       76546      5.50%     72.16% |       76035      5.46%     77.62% |       78380      5.63%     83.25% |       78551      5.64%     88.90% |       77466      5.57%     94.46% |       77049      5.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1391643                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2977      6.30%      6.30% |        3347      7.08%     13.38% |        3137      6.64%     20.01% |        2683      5.68%     25.69% |        3130      6.62%     32.31% |        3259      6.89%     39.20% |        2919      6.17%     45.38% |        2961      6.26%     51.64% |        2586      5.47%     57.11% |        3480      7.36%     64.47% |        2970      6.28%     70.76% |        2857      6.04%     76.80% |        2836      6.00%     82.80% |        2609      5.52%     88.32% |        2613      5.53%     93.85% |        2909      6.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        47273                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2538305    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2538305                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    13518449     99.00%     99.00% |           0      0.00%     99.00% |        8371      0.06%     99.06% |        8479      0.06%     99.12% |        8457      0.06%     99.18% |        8398      0.06%     99.24% |        8362      0.06%     99.30% |        8393      0.06%     99.37% |        8653      0.06%     99.43% |        8778      0.06%     99.49% |        8746      0.06%     99.56% |        8700      0.06%     99.62% |        8608      0.06%     99.68% |        8736      0.06%     99.75% |        8595      0.06%     99.81% |        8560      0.06%     99.87% |        8605      0.06%     99.94% |        8732      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     13655622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         221      1.77%      1.77% |           0      0.00%      1.77% |         653      5.22%      6.99% |         617      4.93%     11.92% |         767      6.13%     18.06% |         748      5.98%     24.04% |         697      5.57%     29.61% |         617      4.93%     34.55% |         963      7.70%     42.25% |         786      6.29%     48.53% |         919      7.35%     55.88% |         844      6.75%     62.63% |         783      6.26%     68.89% |         705      5.64%     74.53% |         748      5.98%     80.51% |         864      6.91%     87.42% |         763      6.10%     93.52% |         810      6.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        12505                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534260     49.74%     49.74% |           0      0.00%     49.74% |       34062      3.17%     52.91% |       34029      3.17%     56.08% |       33832      3.15%     59.22% |       34063      3.17%     62.40% |       34055      3.17%     65.57% |       34109      3.18%     68.74% |       33431      3.11%     71.85% |       33534      3.12%     74.98% |       33384      3.11%     78.08% |       33483      3.12%     81.20% |       33710      3.14%     84.34% |       33621      3.13%     87.47% |       33682      3.14%     90.60% |       33666      3.13%     93.74% |       33710      3.14%     96.88% |       33556      3.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1074187                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1753      6.18%      6.18% |        1751      6.17%     12.35% |        1804      6.36%     18.71% |        1664      5.87%     24.57% |        1724      6.08%     30.65% |        1730      6.10%     36.75% |        1836      6.47%     43.22% |        1780      6.27%     49.49% |        1787      6.30%     55.79% |        1813      6.39%     62.18% |        1763      6.21%     68.40% |        1779      6.27%     74.67% |        1853      6.53%     81.20% |        1787      6.30%     87.50% |        1793      6.32%     93.82% |        1754      6.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        28371                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      0.41%      0.41% |           0      0.00%      0.41% |        1889      6.57%      6.99% |        1931      6.72%     13.70% |        1753      6.10%     19.80% |        1855      6.45%     26.26% |        1994      6.94%     33.19% |        1857      6.46%     39.65% |        1766      6.14%     45.80% |        1687      5.87%     51.67% |        1764      6.14%     57.80% |        1810      6.30%     64.10% |        1803      6.27%     70.37% |        1603      5.58%     75.95% |        1719      5.98%     81.93% |        1700      5.91%     87.84% |        1787      6.22%     94.06% |        1707      5.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        28744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      186755     12.54%     12.54% |          16      0.00%     12.54% |       82055      5.51%     18.06% |       83766      5.63%     23.68% |       81116      5.45%     29.13% |       83436      5.60%     34.74% |       82286      5.53%     40.26% |       83239      5.59%     45.85% |       81501      5.47%     51.33% |       81375      5.47%     56.79% |       78119      5.25%     62.04% |       79907      5.37%     67.41% |       80157      5.38%     72.79% |       79658      5.35%     78.14% |       81975      5.51%     83.65% |       82000      5.51%     89.16% |       80774      5.43%     94.58% |       80687      5.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1488822                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        2885      6.07%      6.07% |        2823      5.94%     12.01% |        3159      6.64%     18.65% |        2940      6.18%     24.84% |        2964      6.23%     31.07% |        2726      5.73%     36.80% |        2981      6.27%     43.07% |        2905      6.11%     49.18% |        3043      6.40%     55.58% |        3243      6.82%     62.40% |        2988      6.28%     68.69% |        3231      6.80%     75.48% |        2597      5.46%     80.95% |        3095      6.51%     87.45% |        2838      5.97%     93.42% |        3127      6.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        47547                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123831     27.27%     27.27% |           0      0.00%     27.27% |       20429      4.50%     31.76% |       18651      4.11%     35.87% |       20903      4.60%     40.47% |       18988      4.18%     44.65% |       19875      4.38%     49.03% |       19184      4.22%     53.25% |       20313      4.47%     57.73% |       20662      4.55%     62.28% |       23722      5.22%     67.50% |       21682      4.77%     72.27% |       22028      4.85%     77.12% |       21904      4.82%     81.95% |       20112      4.43%     86.37% |       19633      4.32%     90.70% |       21181      4.66%     95.36% |       21066      4.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       454164                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           7      0.07%      0.07% |           0      0.00%      0.07% |         597      5.82%      5.89% |         595      5.81%     11.70% |         534      5.21%     16.91% |         647      6.31%     23.22% |         675      6.59%     29.81% |         640      6.24%     36.05% |         646      6.30%     42.36% |         611      5.96%     48.32% |         621      6.06%     54.38% |         649      6.33%     60.71% |         648      6.32%     67.03% |         669      6.53%     73.56% |         719      7.02%     80.57% |         731      7.13%     87.71% |         642      6.26%     93.97% |         618      6.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        10249                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498948     46.08%     46.08% |           0      0.00%     46.08% |       36685      3.39%     49.47% |       36577      3.38%     52.85% |       36599      3.38%     56.23% |       36658      3.39%     59.62% |       36694      3.39%     63.01% |       36663      3.39%     66.39% |       36403      3.36%     69.76% |       36278      3.35%     73.11% |       36310      3.35%     76.46% |       36356      3.36%     79.82% |       36448      3.37%     83.18% |       36320      3.35%     86.54% |       36461      3.37%     89.91% |       36496      3.37%     93.28% |       36451      3.37%     96.64% |       36324      3.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1082671                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         986     10.40%     10.40% |           0      0.00%     10.40% |         486      5.12%     15.52% |         492      5.19%     20.71% |         427      4.50%     25.21% |         538      5.67%     30.88% |         496      5.23%     36.11% |         467      4.92%     41.03% |         632      6.66%     47.70% |         512      5.40%     53.09% |         526      5.55%     58.64% |         585      6.17%     64.81% |         530      5.59%     70.40% |         540      5.69%     76.09% |         634      6.68%     82.77% |         585      6.17%     88.94% |         558      5.88%     94.82% |         491      5.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         9485                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         110      1.51%      1.51% |           0      0.00%      1.51% |         434      5.97%      7.48% |         445      6.12%     13.60% |         449      6.18%     19.78% |         470      6.46%     26.24% |         449      6.18%     32.42% |         433      5.96%     38.38% |         452      6.22%     44.59% |         456      6.27%     50.87% |         420      5.78%     56.64% |         477      6.56%     63.20% |         490      6.74%     69.94% |         431      5.93%     75.87% |         445      6.12%     81.99% |         460      6.33%     88.32% |         432      5.94%     94.26% |         417      5.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         7270                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1      0.69%      0.69% |           0      0.00%      0.69% |          10      6.94%      7.64% |           8      5.56%     13.19% |           9      6.25%     19.44% |          10      6.94%     26.39% |          11      7.64%     34.03% |          10      6.94%     40.97% |           6      4.17%     45.14% |          11      7.64%     52.78% |           5      3.47%     56.25% |          13      9.03%     65.28% |          13      9.03%     74.31% |           7      4.86%     79.17% |           5      3.47%     82.64% |           7      4.86%     87.50% |          12      8.33%     95.83% |           6      4.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          144                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          15      5.51%      5.51% |          16      5.88%     11.40% |          27      9.93%     21.32% |          29     10.66%     31.99% |          17      6.25%     38.24% |          19      6.99%     45.22% |          20      7.35%     52.57% |          23      8.46%     61.03% |          22      8.09%     69.12% |          17      6.25%     75.37% |          10      3.68%     79.04% |          10      3.68%     82.72% |           7      2.57%     85.29% |          10      3.68%     88.97% |          10      3.68%     92.65% |          20      7.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          272                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      683075     27.71%     27.71% |           0      0.00%     27.71% |      112407      4.56%     32.27% |      113690      4.61%     36.88% |      110953      4.50%     41.38% |      114006      4.62%     46.00% |      112407      4.56%     50.56% |      113315      4.60%     55.16% |      111269      4.51%     59.67% |      111170      4.51%     64.18% |      108082      4.38%     68.56% |      109184      4.43%     72.99% |      110233      4.47%     77.46% |      109639      4.45%     81.91% |      112050      4.54%     86.46% |      112200      4.55%     91.01% |      111154      4.51%     95.51% |      110579      4.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2465413                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1      0.24%      0.24% |           0      0.00%      0.24% |          25      6.00%      6.24% |          24      5.76%     11.99% |          36      8.63%     20.62% |          39      9.35%     29.98% |          29      6.95%     36.93% |          29      6.95%     43.88% |          26      6.24%     50.12% |          34      8.15%     58.27% |          27      6.47%     64.75% |          30      7.19%     71.94% |          23      5.52%     77.46% |          17      4.08%     81.53% |          12      2.88%     84.41% |          17      4.08%     88.49% |          22      5.28%     93.76% |          26      6.24%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          417                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3853      3.12%      3.12% |        3687      2.99%      6.11% |        3425      2.77%      8.88% |        3493      2.83%     11.71% |        3477      2.82%     14.52% |        3972      3.22%     17.74% |        3700      3.00%     20.73% |        3315      2.68%     23.42% |        3507      2.84%     26.26% |        5106      4.13%     30.39% |        3872      3.14%     33.53% |        3790      3.07%     36.60% |        3481      2.82%     39.42% |        4380      3.55%     42.96% |        3831      3.10%     46.07% |        3775      3.06%     49.12% |        4108      3.33%     52.45% |        4146      3.36%     55.81% |        3652      2.96%     58.76% |        3331      2.70%     61.46% |        3067      2.48%     63.94% |        3732      3.02%     66.97% |        3509      2.84%     69.81% |        3350      2.71%     72.52% |        3598      2.91%     75.43% |        3716      3.01%     78.44% |        3233      2.62%     81.06% |        4607      3.73%     84.79% |        3988      3.23%     88.02% |        5240      4.24%     92.26% |        5118      4.14%     96.41% |        4438      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      118278      6.32%      6.32% |       57221      3.06%      9.38% |       56092      3.00%     12.38% |       56915      3.04%     15.42% |       56265      3.01%     18.43% |       56121      3.00%     21.43% |       55722      2.98%     24.41% |       55737      2.98%     27.39% |       55837      2.99%     30.38% |       56320      3.01%     33.39% |       57936      3.10%     36.49% |       57513      3.07%     39.56% |       57010      3.05%     42.61% |       56131      3.00%     45.61% |       55543      2.97%     48.58% |       55875      2.99%     51.57% |       56854      3.04%     54.61% |       56336      3.01%     57.62% |       56562      3.02%     60.64% |       56650      3.03%     63.67% |       56525      3.02%     66.69% |       57425      3.07%     69.76% |       56622      3.03%     72.79% |       56036      3.00%     75.79% |       56157      3.00%     78.79% |       56581      3.03%     81.81% |       56084      3.00%     84.81% |       55838      2.99%     87.80% |       56439      3.02%     90.82% |       55840      2.99%     93.80% |       56461      3.02%     96.82% |       59497      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1870423                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       42503      3.93%      3.93% |       33525      3.10%      7.02% |       33331      3.08%     10.10% |       33469      3.09%     13.19% |       33255      3.07%     16.26% |       33156      3.06%     19.33% |       33519      3.10%     22.42% |       33195      3.07%     25.49% |       33327      3.08%     28.57% |       33995      3.14%     31.70% |       33315      3.08%     34.78% |       33360      3.08%     37.86% |       33592      3.10%     40.97% |       33173      3.06%     44.03% |       33166      3.06%     47.09% |       33249      3.07%     50.16% |       33359      3.08%     53.24% |       33357      3.08%     56.33% |       33719      3.11%     59.44% |       33649      3.11%     62.55% |       33494      3.09%     65.64% |       34618      3.20%     68.84% |       33417      3.09%     71.92% |       33503      3.09%     75.02% |       33498      3.09%     78.11% |       33476      3.09%     81.20% |       33696      3.11%     84.32% |       33582      3.10%     87.42% |       33379      3.08%     90.50% |       33381      3.08%     93.58% |       35495      3.28%     96.86% |       33968      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1082721                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      145436      5.90%      5.90% |       75583      3.07%      8.96% |       74284      3.01%     11.98% |       75213      3.05%     15.03% |       74371      3.02%     18.04% |       74208      3.01%     21.05% |       74045      3.00%     24.05% |       73785      2.99%     27.05% |       74080      3.00%     30.05% |       75267      3.05%     33.10% |       76061      3.08%     36.19% |       75772      3.07%     39.26% |       75554      3.06%     42.32% |       74245      3.01%     45.33% |       73526      2.98%     48.32% |       73914      3.00%     51.31% |       75016      3.04%     54.36% |       74454      3.02%     57.38% |       74969      3.04%     60.42% |       75077      3.04%     63.46% |       74698      3.03%     66.49% |       76692      3.11%     69.60% |       74695      3.03%     72.63% |       74249      3.01%     75.64% |       74292      3.01%     78.65% |       74745      3.03%     81.68% |       74436      3.02%     84.70% |       74105      3.01%     87.71% |       74377      3.02%     90.72% |       73991      3.00%     93.72% |       76618      3.11%     96.83% |       78143      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2465901                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          15      5.88%      5.88% |          18      7.06%     12.94% |          13      5.10%     18.04% |          10      3.92%     21.96% |           6      2.35%     24.31% |          17      6.67%     30.98% |           2      0.78%     31.76% |          16      6.27%     38.04% |          11      4.31%     42.35% |           8      3.14%     45.49% |           4      1.57%     47.06% |           6      2.35%     49.41% |           3      1.18%     50.59% |          12      4.71%     55.29% |          12      4.71%     60.00% |           5      1.96%     61.96% |           2      0.78%     62.75% |           7      2.75%     65.49% |          12      4.71%     70.20% |           6      2.35%     72.55% |           2      0.78%     73.33% |          11      4.31%     77.65% |           6      2.35%     80.00% |           5      1.96%     81.96% |           6      2.35%     84.31% |           6      2.35%     86.67% |           3      1.18%     87.84% |           8      3.14%     90.98% |           9      3.53%     94.51% |           4      1.57%     96.08% |           5      1.96%     98.04% |           5      1.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          255                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28052      4.03%      4.03% |       21550      3.09%      7.12% |       21566      3.10%     10.22% |       21553      3.09%     13.31% |       21552      3.09%     16.40% |       21566      3.10%     19.50% |       21564      3.10%     22.60% |       21555      3.09%     25.69% |       21589      3.10%     28.79% |       21565      3.10%     31.89% |       21604      3.10%     34.99% |       21561      3.10%     38.08% |       21565      3.10%     41.18% |       21553      3.09%     44.27% |       21562      3.10%     47.37% |       21534      3.09%     50.46% |       21565      3.10%     53.55% |       21560      3.10%     56.65% |       21574      3.10%     59.75% |       21578      3.10%     62.84% |       21570      3.10%     65.94% |       21572      3.10%     69.04% |       21578      3.10%     72.13% |       21585      3.10%     75.23% |       21605      3.10%     78.33% |       21586      3.10%     81.43% |       21578      3.10%     84.53% |       21564      3.10%     87.63% |       21569      3.10%     90.72% |       21563      3.10%     93.82% |       21545      3.09%     96.91% |       21515      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       696598                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17948      3.15%      3.15% |       17839      3.13%      6.28% |       17801      3.12%      9.40% |       17828      3.13%     12.53% |       17789      3.12%     15.66% |       17745      3.11%     18.77% |       17759      3.12%     21.89% |       17848      3.13%     25.02% |       17784      3.12%     28.14% |       17827      3.13%     31.27% |       17819      3.13%     34.40% |       17832      3.13%     37.52% |       17837      3.13%     40.66% |       17817      3.13%     43.78% |       17812      3.13%     46.91% |       17848      3.13%     50.04% |       17799      3.12%     53.16% |       17816      3.13%     56.29% |       17781      3.12%     59.41% |       17761      3.12%     62.53% |       17793      3.12%     65.65% |       17866      3.14%     68.79% |       17774      3.12%     71.91% |       17737      3.11%     75.02% |       17821      3.13%     78.15% |       17833      3.13%     81.28% |       17794      3.12%     84.40% |       17751      3.12%     87.51% |       17791      3.12%     90.64% |       17782      3.12%     93.76% |       17765      3.12%     96.87% |       17810      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       569807                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47110      3.62%      3.62% |       40437      3.11%      6.73% |       40413      3.11%      9.84% |       40427      3.11%     12.95% |       40385      3.11%     16.06% |       40356      3.10%     19.16% |       40369      3.11%     22.27% |       40449      3.11%     25.38% |       40419      3.11%     28.49% |       40439      3.11%     31.60% |       40468      3.11%     34.72% |       40438      3.11%     37.83% |       40447      3.11%     40.94% |       40415      3.11%     44.05% |       40419      3.11%     47.16% |       40427      3.11%     50.27% |       40409      3.11%     53.37% |       40422      3.11%     56.48% |       40401      3.11%     59.59% |       40385      3.11%     62.70% |       40409      3.11%     65.81% |       40485      3.11%     68.92% |       40398      3.11%     72.03% |       40367      3.11%     75.13% |       40472      3.11%     78.25% |       40466      3.11%     81.36% |       40418      3.11%     84.47% |       40359      3.10%     87.57% |       40405      3.11%     90.68% |       40391      3.11%     93.79% |       40356      3.10%     96.89% |       40372      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1299933                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46087      3.64%      3.64% |       39413      3.11%      6.75% |       39389      3.11%      9.86% |       39403      3.11%     12.97% |       39361      3.11%     16.07% |       39332      3.10%     19.18% |       39345      3.10%     22.28% |       39425      3.11%     25.39% |       39395      3.11%     28.50% |       39415      3.11%     31.61% |       39444      3.11%     34.72% |       39414      3.11%     37.83% |       39423      3.11%     40.95% |       39391      3.11%     44.05% |       39395      3.11%     47.16% |       39403      3.11%     50.27% |       39385      3.11%     53.38% |       39398      3.11%     56.49% |       39377      3.11%     59.60% |       39361      3.11%     62.70% |       39385      3.11%     65.81% |       39461      3.11%     68.93% |       39374      3.11%     72.03% |       39343      3.10%     75.14% |       39448      3.11%     78.25% |       39442      3.11%     81.36% |       39394      3.11%     84.47% |       39335      3.10%     87.58% |       39381      3.11%     90.68% |       39367      3.11%     93.79% |       39332      3.10%     96.89% |       39348      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1267166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         436      3.46%      3.46% |         395      3.13%      6.59% |         397      3.15%      9.73% |         399      3.16%     12.90% |         366      2.90%     15.80% |         365      2.89%     18.69% |         389      3.08%     21.77% |         408      3.23%     25.01% |         388      3.08%     28.08% |         418      3.31%     31.40% |         403      3.19%     34.59% |         388      3.08%     37.67% |         344      2.73%     40.39% |         374      2.96%     43.36% |         361      2.86%     46.22% |         395      3.13%     49.35% |         399      3.16%     52.51% |         400      3.17%     55.68% |         407      3.23%     58.91% |         390      3.09%     62.00% |         405      3.21%     65.21% |         418      3.31%     68.52% |         385      3.05%     71.58% |         412      3.27%     74.84% |         393      3.12%     77.96% |         382      3.03%     80.98% |         412      3.27%     84.25% |         408      3.23%     87.48% |         396      3.14%     90.62% |         377      2.99%     93.61% |         407      3.23%     96.84% |         399      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        12616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1321      2.78%      2.78% |        1351      2.84%      5.62% |        1413      2.97%      8.59% |        1409      2.96%     11.55% |        1453      3.05%     14.60% |        1462      3.07%     17.67% |        1503      3.16%     20.83% |        1453      3.05%     23.89% |        1463      3.07%     26.96% |        1475      3.10%     30.06% |        1545      3.25%     33.31% |        1522      3.20%     36.51% |        1548      3.25%     39.76% |        1567      3.29%     43.05% |        1557      3.27%     46.33% |        1513      3.18%     49.51% |        1534      3.22%     52.73% |        1531      3.22%     55.95% |        1542      3.24%     59.19% |        1531      3.22%     62.41% |        1554      3.27%     65.67% |        1493      3.14%     68.81% |        1518      3.19%     72.00% |        1455      3.06%     75.06% |        1463      3.07%     78.13% |        1450      3.05%     81.18% |        1465      3.08%     84.26% |        1485      3.12%     87.38% |        1488      3.13%     90.51% |        1490      3.13%     93.64% |        1538      3.23%     96.87% |        1488      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        47580                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        4055      3.23%      3.23% |        3951      3.15%      6.37% |        3995      3.18%      9.56% |        3967      3.16%     12.71% |        4010      3.19%     15.91% |        3897      3.10%     19.01% |        4007      3.19%     22.20% |        3952      3.15%     25.35% |        3964      3.16%     28.50% |        3849      3.06%     31.57% |        3909      3.11%     34.68% |        3844      3.06%     37.74% |        3840      3.06%     40.80% |        3787      3.02%     43.82% |        3851      3.07%     46.88% |        3825      3.05%     49.93% |        3849      3.06%     52.99% |        3813      3.04%     56.03% |        3877      3.09%     59.12% |        3850      3.07%     62.18% |        3899      3.10%     65.29% |        3846      3.06%     68.35% |        3957      3.15%     71.50% |        3896      3.10%     74.60% |        3943      3.14%     77.74% |        3924      3.12%     80.87% |        3990      3.18%     84.04% |        3953      3.15%     87.19% |        4041      3.22%     90.41% |        3972      3.16%     93.57% |        4051      3.23%     96.80% |        4021      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total       125585                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        3504      3.24%      3.24% |        3354      3.10%      6.34% |        3384      3.13%      9.47% |        3347      3.10%     12.57% |        3416      3.16%     15.73% |        3318      3.07%     18.80% |        3373      3.12%     21.92% |        3390      3.14%     25.05% |        3380      3.13%     28.18% |        3308      3.06%     31.24% |        3414      3.16%     34.39% |        3352      3.10%     37.49% |        3409      3.15%     40.65% |        3339      3.09%     43.73% |        3389      3.13%     46.87% |        3355      3.10%     49.97% |        3356      3.10%     53.08% |        3387      3.13%     56.21% |        3360      3.11%     59.32% |        3292      3.04%     62.36% |        3363      3.11%     65.47% |        3386      3.13%     68.60% |        3380      3.13%     71.73% |        3293      3.05%     74.77% |        3437      3.18%     77.95% |        3411      3.15%     81.11% |        3408      3.15%     84.26% |        3336      3.09%     87.34% |        3476      3.21%     90.56% |        3389      3.13%     93.69% |        3437      3.18%     96.87% |        3382      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       108125                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1318      2.77%      2.77% |        1349      2.84%      5.61% |        1410      2.97%      8.57% |        1409      2.96%     11.54% |        1452      3.05%     14.59% |        1459      3.07%     17.66% |        1503      3.16%     20.82% |        1451      3.05%     23.87% |        1462      3.07%     26.95% |        1473      3.10%     30.05% |        1545      3.25%     33.30% |        1522      3.20%     36.50% |        1547      3.25%     39.75% |        1565      3.29%     43.04% |        1555      3.27%     46.31% |        1512      3.18%     49.49% |        1534      3.23%     52.72% |        1531      3.22%     55.94% |        1542      3.24%     59.18% |        1529      3.22%     62.40% |        1554      3.27%     65.67% |        1491      3.14%     68.80% |        1518      3.19%     71.99% |        1453      3.06%     75.05% |        1463      3.08%     78.13% |        1451      3.05%     81.18% |        1465      3.08%     84.26% |        1484      3.12%     87.38% |        1487      3.13%     90.51% |        1489      3.13%     93.64% |        1537      3.23%     96.87% |        1487      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        47547                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      148700      5.78%      5.78% |       78738      3.06%      8.84% |       77533      3.02%     11.86% |       78420      3.05%     14.91% |       77631      3.02%     17.93% |       77436      3.01%     20.94% |       77346      3.01%     23.95% |       77080      3.00%     26.94% |       77355      3.01%     29.95% |       78571      3.06%     33.01% |       79455      3.09%     36.10% |       79110      3.08%     39.17% |       78883      3.07%     42.24% |       77596      3.02%     45.26% |       76847      2.99%     48.25% |       77258      3.00%     51.25% |       78325      3.05%     54.30% |       77824      3.03%     57.32% |       78281      3.04%     60.37% |       78375      3.05%     63.42% |       78049      3.04%     66.45% |       80048      3.11%     69.56% |       78011      3.03%     72.60% |       77511      3.01%     75.61% |       77580      3.02%     78.63% |       77979      3.03%     81.66% |       77706      3.02%     84.68% |       77395      3.01%     87.69% |       77742      3.02%     90.72% |       77262      3.00%     93.72% |       79986      3.11%     96.83% |       81482      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2571515                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         468      3.24%      3.24% |         414      2.87%      6.11% |         422      2.92%      9.03% |         419      2.90%     11.93% |         432      2.99%     14.93% |         408      2.83%     17.75% |         430      2.98%     20.73% |         478      3.31%     24.04% |         445      3.08%     27.12% |         431      2.99%     30.11% |         458      3.17%     33.28% |         458      3.17%     36.45% |         488      3.38%     39.84% |         466      3.23%     43.06% |         479      3.32%     46.38% |         465      3.22%     49.60% |         476      3.30%     52.90% |         482      3.34%     56.24% |         479      3.32%     59.56% |         447      3.10%     62.65% |         435      3.01%     65.66% |         461      3.19%     68.86% |         421      2.92%     71.77% |         422      2.92%     74.70% |         473      3.28%     77.97% |         493      3.41%     81.39% |         470      3.26%     84.64% |         427      2.96%     87.60% |         449      3.11%     90.71% |         460      3.19%     93.90% |         458      3.17%     97.07% |         423      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14437                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24650      4.23%      4.23% |       18077      3.10%      7.33% |       18046      3.10%     10.42% |       18053      3.10%     13.52% |       18013      3.09%     16.61% |       17997      3.09%     19.70% |       17988      3.09%     22.78% |       18028      3.09%     25.87% |       18021      3.09%     28.96% |       18054      3.10%     32.06% |       18072      3.10%     35.16% |       18016      3.09%     38.25% |       18013      3.09%     41.34% |       18006      3.09%     44.43% |       17999      3.09%     47.51% |       18021      3.09%     50.61% |       17983      3.08%     53.69% |       17984      3.08%     56.77% |       17968      3.08%     59.86% |       17988      3.09%     62.94% |       18001      3.09%     66.03% |       18037      3.09%     69.12% |       18033      3.09%     72.22% |       17995      3.09%     75.30% |       18039      3.09%     78.40% |       18023      3.09%     81.49% |       17989      3.09%     84.57% |       17992      3.09%     87.66% |       18014      3.09%     90.75% |       17987      3.09%     93.83% |       17946      3.08%     96.91% |       18013      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       583046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21992      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.25% |       21945      3.12%      9.38% |       21955      3.13%     12.50% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21953      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21964      3.13%     37.50% |       21946      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21973      3.13%     65.63% |       21987      3.13%     68.76% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.26% |       21959      3.13%     84.38% |       21941      3.12%     87.50% |       21942      3.12%     90.63% |       21944      3.12%     93.75% |       21952      3.13%     96.88% |       21936      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702451                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           6      5.04%      5.04% |           9      7.56%     12.61% |           7      5.88%     18.49% |           5      4.20%     22.69% |           3      2.52%     25.21% |           9      7.56%     32.77% |           1      0.84%     33.61% |           8      6.72%     40.34% |           5      4.20%     44.54% |           3      2.52%     47.06% |           2      1.68%     48.74% |           3      2.52%     51.26% |           1      0.84%     52.10% |           5      4.20%     56.30% |           6      5.04%     61.34% |           2      1.68%     63.03% |           1      0.84%     63.87% |           4      3.36%     67.23% |           5      4.20%     71.43% |           3      2.52%     73.95% |           1      0.84%     74.79% |           5      4.20%     78.99% |           3      2.52%     81.51% |           1      0.84%     82.35% |           2      1.68%     84.03% |           2      1.68%     85.71% |           1      0.84%     86.55% |           4      3.36%     89.92% |           4      3.36%     93.28% |           2      1.68%     94.96% |           3      2.52%     97.48% |           3      2.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          119                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        8003      3.14%      3.14% |        7948      3.12%      6.27% |        7874      3.09%      9.36% |        7925      3.11%     12.48% |        7860      3.09%     15.57% |        7880      3.10%     18.66% |        7892      3.10%     21.76% |        7853      3.09%     24.85% |        7805      3.07%     27.92% |        7830      3.08%     30.99% |        7807      3.07%     34.06% |        7800      3.07%     37.13% |        7768      3.05%     40.18% |        7820      3.07%     43.25% |        7869      3.09%     46.34% |        7885      3.10%     49.44% |        7895      3.10%     52.55% |        7965      3.13%     55.68% |        8042      3.16%     58.84% |        8019      3.15%     61.99% |        7965      3.13%     65.12% |        7983      3.14%     68.25% |        8051      3.16%     71.42% |        8076      3.17%     74.59% |        8064      3.17%     77.76% |        8101      3.18%     80.94% |        8091      3.18%     84.12% |        8098      3.18%     87.31% |        8118      3.19%     90.50% |        8047      3.16%     93.66% |        8066      3.17%     96.83% |        8070      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       254470                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           3      1.15%      1.15% |           6      2.31%      3.46% |           5      1.92%      5.38% |          12      4.62%     10.00% |           6      2.31%     12.31% |           9      3.46%     15.77% |           5      1.92%     17.69% |           9      3.46%     21.15% |           6      2.31%     23.46% |           3      1.15%     24.62% |           6      2.31%     26.92% |          13      5.00%     31.92% |           9      3.46%     35.38% |           7      2.69%     38.08% |          11      4.23%     42.31% |           9      3.46%     45.77% |          16      6.15%     51.92% |           3      1.15%     53.08% |           5      1.92%     55.00% |          14      5.38%     60.38% |          13      5.00%     65.38% |           9      3.46%     68.85% |          10      3.85%     72.69% |          12      4.62%     77.31% |           9      3.46%     80.77% |           7      2.69%     83.46% |           6      2.31%     85.77% |           9      3.46%     89.23% |           5      1.92%     91.15% |          11      4.23%     95.38% |           6      2.31%     97.69% |           6      2.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          260                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        3086      3.20%      3.20% |        3019      3.13%      6.33% |        3012      3.12%      9.45% |        3014      3.12%     12.57% |        3040      3.15%     15.73% |        2972      3.08%     18.81% |        3031      3.14%     21.95% |        3034      3.15%     25.09% |        3013      3.12%     28.22% |        2954      3.06%     31.28% |        3010      3.12%     34.40% |        2990      3.10%     37.50% |        3018      3.13%     40.63% |        2974      3.08%     43.71% |        3009      3.12%     46.83% |        2976      3.08%     49.91% |        3001      3.11%     53.02% |        2996      3.11%     56.13% |        3023      3.13%     59.26% |        2960      3.07%     62.33% |        3001      3.11%     65.44% |        2984      3.09%     68.54% |        2996      3.11%     71.64% |        2961      3.07%     74.71% |        3055      3.17%     77.88% |        3064      3.18%     81.05% |        3063      3.18%     84.23% |        3000      3.11%     87.34% |        3063      3.18%     90.51% |        3047      3.16%     93.67% |        3082      3.19%     96.87% |        3022      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        96470                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       82883      8.78%      8.78% |       28442      3.01%     11.79% |       27404      2.90%     14.70% |       28157      2.98%     17.68% |       27598      2.92%     20.60% |       27477      2.91%     23.51% |       27037      2.86%     26.38% |       27077      2.87%     29.25% |       27230      2.88%     32.13% |       27702      2.93%     35.07% |       29224      3.10%     38.16% |       28898      3.06%     41.22% |       28437      3.01%     44.24% |       27530      2.92%     47.15% |       26847      2.84%     50.00% |       27174      2.88%     52.88% |       28167      2.98%     55.86% |       27633      2.93%     58.79% |       27755      2.94%     61.73% |       27875      2.95%     64.68% |       27741      2.94%     67.62% |       28580      3.03%     70.65% |       27737      2.94%     73.59% |       27212      2.88%     76.47% |       27274      2.89%     79.36% |       27690      2.93%     82.29% |       27232      2.88%     85.18% |       26986      2.86%     88.04% |       27539      2.92%     90.95% |       27045      2.87%     93.82% |       27680      2.93%     96.75% |       30655      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       943918                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       19630      5.58%      5.58% |       10690      3.04%      8.62% |       10502      2.99%     11.60% |       10628      3.02%     14.62% |       10436      2.97%     17.59% |       10317      2.93%     20.52% |       10681      3.04%     23.56% |       10362      2.95%     26.50% |       10496      2.98%     29.49% |       11155      3.17%     32.66% |       10496      2.98%     35.64% |       10502      2.99%     38.63% |       10758      3.06%     41.68% |       10339      2.94%     44.62% |       10343      2.94%     47.56% |       10405      2.96%     50.52% |       10526      2.99%     53.51% |       10509      2.99%     56.50% |       10882      3.09%     59.59% |       10803      3.07%     62.66% |       10607      3.01%     65.68% |       11719      3.33%     69.01% |       10594      3.01%     72.02% |       10652      3.03%     75.05% |       10648      3.03%     78.07% |       10631      3.02%     81.10% |       10857      3.09%     84.18% |       10751      3.06%     87.24% |       10557      3.00%     90.24% |       10547      3.00%     93.24% |       12661      3.60%     96.83% |       11139      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       351823                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       27796      4.04%      4.04% |       21287      3.09%      7.13% |       21303      3.10%     10.23% |       21284      3.09%     13.32% |       21309      3.10%     16.42% |       21312      3.10%     19.52% |       21294      3.09%     22.61% |       21271      3.09%     25.70% |       21312      3.10%     28.80% |       21283      3.09%     31.89% |       21314      3.10%     34.99% |       21310      3.10%     38.08% |       21335      3.10%     41.19% |       21306      3.10%     44.28% |       21324      3.10%     47.38% |       21284      3.09%     50.47% |       21303      3.10%     53.57% |       21285      3.09%     56.66% |       21297      3.09%     59.76% |       21314      3.10%     62.85% |       21300      3.10%     65.95% |       21311      3.10%     69.05% |       21322      3.10%     72.15% |       21293      3.09%     75.24% |       21317      3.10%     78.34% |       21329      3.10%     81.44% |       21296      3.09%     84.53% |       21280      3.09%     87.62% |       21298      3.10%     90.72% |       21314      3.10%     93.82% |       21280      3.09%     96.91% |       21270      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       688133                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       14315      3.13%      3.13% |       14351      3.14%      6.27% |       14280      3.12%      9.39% |       14351      3.14%     12.52% |       14249      3.11%     15.64% |       14313      3.13%     18.76% |       14267      3.12%     21.88% |       14332      3.13%     25.02% |       14292      3.12%     28.14% |       14381      3.14%     31.28% |       14292      3.12%     34.41% |       14343      3.13%     37.54% |       14313      3.13%     40.67% |       14349      3.14%     43.80% |       14298      3.12%     46.93% |       14347      3.14%     50.06% |       14306      3.13%     53.19% |       14304      3.13%     56.32% |       14291      3.12%     59.44% |       14341      3.13%     62.58% |       14295      3.12%     65.70% |       14321      3.13%     68.83% |       14265      3.12%     71.95% |       14322      3.13%     75.08% |       14279      3.12%     78.20% |       14298      3.12%     81.32% |       14256      3.12%     84.44% |       14290      3.12%     87.56% |       14189      3.10%     90.66% |       14264      3.12%     93.78% |       14185      3.10%     96.88% |       14273      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       457552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1318      2.77%      2.77% |        1349      2.84%      5.61% |        1410      2.97%      8.57% |        1409      2.96%     11.54% |        1452      3.05%     14.59% |        1459      3.07%     17.66% |        1503      3.16%     20.82% |        1451      3.05%     23.87% |        1462      3.07%     26.95% |        1473      3.10%     30.05% |        1545      3.25%     33.30% |        1522      3.20%     36.50% |        1547      3.25%     39.75% |        1565      3.29%     43.04% |        1555      3.27%     46.31% |        1512      3.18%     49.49% |        1534      3.23%     52.72% |        1531      3.22%     55.94% |        1542      3.24%     59.18% |        1529      3.22%     62.40% |        1554      3.27%     65.67% |        1491      3.14%     68.80% |        1518      3.19%     71.99% |        1453      3.06%     75.05% |        1463      3.08%     78.13% |        1451      3.05%     81.18% |        1465      3.08%     84.26% |        1484      3.12%     87.38% |        1487      3.13%     90.51% |        1489      3.13%     93.64% |        1537      3.23%     96.87% |        1487      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        47547                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         880      3.10%      3.10% |         885      3.12%      6.22% |         882      3.11%      9.33% |         882      3.11%     12.44% |         878      3.09%     15.53% |         888      3.13%     18.66% |         886      3.12%     21.79% |         890      3.14%     24.92% |         878      3.09%     28.02% |         885      3.12%     31.14% |         880      3.10%     34.24% |         894      3.15%     37.39% |         884      3.12%     40.50% |         891      3.14%     43.65% |         882      3.11%     46.75% |         903      3.18%     49.94% |         883      3.11%     53.05% |         892      3.14%     56.19% |         878      3.09%     59.29% |         896      3.16%     62.45% |         886      3.12%     65.57% |         891      3.14%     68.71% |         879      3.10%     71.81% |         901      3.18%     74.98% |         889      3.13%     78.12% |         895      3.15%     81.27% |         879      3.10%     84.37% |         890      3.14%     87.51% |         880      3.10%     90.61% |         890      3.14%     93.74% |         882      3.11%     96.85% |         893      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        28372                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      145431      5.90%      5.90% |       75575      3.07%      8.96% |       74276      3.01%     11.98% |       75195      3.05%     15.03% |       74357      3.02%     18.04% |       74192      3.01%     21.05% |       74036      3.00%     24.06% |       73772      2.99%     27.05% |       74068      3.00%     30.05% |       75261      3.05%     33.10% |       76048      3.08%     36.19% |       75749      3.07%     39.26% |       75537      3.06%     42.33% |       74231      3.01%     45.34% |       73504      2.98%     48.32% |       73896      3.00%     51.32% |       74988      3.04%     54.36% |       74445      3.02%     57.38% |       74959      3.04%     60.42% |       75049      3.04%     63.46% |       74668      3.03%     66.49% |       76676      3.11%     69.60% |       74675      3.03%     72.63% |       74230      3.01%     75.64% |       74272      3.01%     78.65% |       74731      3.03%     81.68% |       74426      3.02%     84.70% |       74087      3.01%     87.71% |       74368      3.02%     90.72% |       73970      3.00%     93.72% |       76606      3.11%     96.83% |       78135      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2465413                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         256      3.03%      3.03% |         261      3.09%      6.12% |         262      3.10%      9.22% |         268      3.17%     12.39% |         242      2.86%     15.26% |         252      2.98%     18.24% |         269      3.18%     21.43% |         284      3.36%     24.79% |         277      3.28%     28.07% |         281      3.33%     31.40% |         289      3.42%     34.82% |         251      2.97%     37.79% |         229      2.71%     40.50% |         247      2.92%     43.42% |         237      2.81%     46.23% |         250      2.96%     49.19% |         262      3.10%     52.29% |         275      3.26%     55.55% |         276      3.27%     58.81% |         264      3.13%     61.94% |         270      3.20%     65.14% |         261      3.09%     68.23% |         256      3.03%     71.26% |         292      3.46%     74.71% |         287      3.40%     78.11% |         254      3.01%     81.12% |         282      3.34%     84.46% |         284      3.36%     87.82% |         271      3.21%     91.03% |         249      2.95%     93.97% |         265      3.14%     97.11% |         244      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total         8447                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         547      3.47%      3.47% |         469      2.97%      6.44% |         509      3.22%      9.66% |         463      2.93%     12.59% |         500      3.17%     15.76% |         460      2.91%     18.68% |         461      2.92%     21.60% |         482      3.05%     24.65% |         479      3.03%     27.68% |         492      3.12%     30.80% |         517      3.28%     34.08% |         499      3.16%     37.24% |         506      3.21%     40.44% |         494      3.13%     43.57% |         505      3.20%     46.77% |         525      3.33%     50.10% |         492      3.12%     53.22% |         516      3.27%     56.48% |         467      2.96%     59.44% |         460      2.91%     62.36% |         497      3.15%     65.51% |         561      3.55%     69.06% |         513      3.25%     72.31% |         454      2.88%     75.19% |         487      3.09%     78.27% |         471      2.98%     81.25% |         475      3.01%     84.26% |         461      2.92%     87.18% |         539      3.41%     90.60% |         471      2.98%     93.58% |         498      3.15%     96.74% |         515      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15785                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24     29.63%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |           0      0.00%     29.63% |          17     20.99%     50.62% |          17     20.99%     71.60% |          23     28.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1      0.87%      0.87% |           0      0.00%      0.87% |           0      0.00%      0.87% |           1      0.87%      1.74% |           1      0.87%      2.61% |           1      0.87%      3.48% |           0      0.00%      3.48% |           0      0.00%      3.48% |           2      1.74%      5.22% |           0      0.00%      5.22% |          29     25.22%     30.43% |           2      1.74%     32.17% |           1      0.87%     33.04% |           0      0.00%     33.04% |           1      0.87%     33.91% |           0      0.00%     33.91% |           0      0.00%     33.91% |           0      0.00%     33.91% |           1      0.87%     34.78% |           0      0.00%     34.78% |           1      0.87%     35.65% |          56     48.70%     84.35% |          10      8.70%     93.04% |           2      1.74%     94.78% |           2      1.74%     96.52% |           1      0.87%     97.39% |           0      0.00%     97.39% |           1      0.87%     98.26% |           0      0.00%     98.26% |           1      0.87%     99.13% |           1      0.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     92.00%     92.00% |           2      8.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           3     12.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           0      0.00%     12.00% |           1      4.00%     16.00% |           0      0.00%     16.00% |           0      0.00%     16.00% |           1      4.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           0      0.00%     28.00% |           1      4.00%     32.00% |           2      8.00%     40.00% |           1      4.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           3     12.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           1      4.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           3     12.00%     80.00% |           1      4.00%     84.00% |           2      8.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46087      3.64%      3.64% |       39413      3.11%      6.75% |       39389      3.11%      9.86% |       39403      3.11%     12.97% |       39361      3.11%     16.07% |       39332      3.10%     19.18% |       39345      3.10%     22.28% |       39425      3.11%     25.39% |       39395      3.11%     28.50% |       39415      3.11%     31.61% |       39444      3.11%     34.72% |       39414      3.11%     37.83% |       39423      3.11%     40.95% |       39391      3.11%     44.05% |       39395      3.11%     47.16% |       39403      3.11%     50.27% |       39385      3.11%     53.38% |       39398      3.11%     56.49% |       39377      3.11%     59.60% |       39361      3.11%     62.70% |       39385      3.11%     65.81% |       39461      3.11%     68.93% |       39374      3.11%     72.03% |       39343      3.10%     75.14% |       39448      3.11%     78.25% |       39442      3.11%     81.36% |       39394      3.11%     84.47% |       39335      3.10%     87.58% |       39381      3.11%     90.68% |       39367      3.11%     93.79% |       39332      3.10%     96.89% |       39348      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1267166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           4      6.15%      6.15% |           3      4.62%     10.77% |           2      3.08%     13.85% |           3      4.62%     18.46% |           2      3.08%     21.54% |           4      6.15%     27.69% |           1      1.54%     29.23% |           5      7.69%     36.92% |           4      6.15%     43.08% |           2      3.08%     46.15% |           2      3.08%     49.23% |           3      4.62%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           3      4.62%     58.46% |           3      4.62%     63.08% |           1      1.54%     64.62% |           1      1.54%     66.15% |           2      3.08%     69.23% |           3      4.62%     73.85% |           1      1.54%     75.38% |           1      1.54%     76.92% |           3      4.62%     81.54% |           3      4.62%     86.15% |           0      0.00%     86.15% |           2      3.08%     89.23% |           2      3.08%     92.31% |           1      1.54%     93.85% |           1      1.54%     95.38% |           2      3.08%     98.46% |           0      0.00%     98.46% |           1      1.54%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           65                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         307      3.63%      3.63% |         259      3.06%      6.69% |         261      3.09%      9.78% |         267      3.16%     12.93% |         241      2.85%     15.78% |         250      2.96%     18.74% |         268      3.17%     21.91% |         283      3.35%     25.25% |         275      3.25%     28.50% |         280      3.31%     31.81% |         286      3.38%     35.19% |         251      2.97%     38.16% |         229      2.71%     40.87% |         247      2.92%     43.79% |         237      2.80%     46.59% |         250      2.96%     49.54% |         262      3.10%     52.64% |         274      3.24%     55.88% |         275      3.25%     59.13% |         264      3.12%     62.25% |         269      3.18%     65.43% |         257      3.04%     68.47% |         253      2.99%     71.46% |         292      3.45%     74.91% |         286      3.38%     78.30% |         253      2.99%     81.29% |         281      3.32%     84.61% |         282      3.33%     87.94% |         268      3.17%     91.11% |         247      2.92%     94.03% |         263      3.11%     97.14% |         242      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total         8459                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.14%      7.14% |           2      4.76%     11.90% |           1      2.38%     14.29% |           1      2.38%     16.67% |           1      2.38%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           1      2.38%     26.19% |           1      2.38%     28.57% |           2      4.76%     33.33% |           1      2.38%     35.71% |           3      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      2.38%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      2.38%     50.00% |           4      9.52%     59.52% |           3      7.14%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           1      2.38%     73.81% |           2      4.76%     78.57% |           3      7.14%     85.71% |           2      4.76%     90.48% |           2      4.76%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |          11     78.57%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     18.18%     18.18% |          18     81.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           2      4.44%      4.44% |           6     13.33%     17.78% |           4      8.89%     26.67% |           2      4.44%     31.11% |           1      2.22%     33.33% |           3      6.67%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           3      6.67%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           1      2.22%     51.11% |           0      0.00%     51.11% |           0      0.00%     51.11% |           1      2.22%     53.33% |           2      4.44%     57.78% |           2      4.44%     62.22% |           1      2.22%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           1      2.22%     66.67% |           2      4.44%     71.11% |           0      0.00%     71.11% |           2      4.44%     75.56% |           0      0.00%     75.56% |           1      2.22%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           3      6.67%     84.44% |           2      4.44%     88.89% |           2      4.44%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           2      4.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         129      3.10%      3.10% |         136      3.27%      6.38% |         136      3.27%      9.65% |         132      3.18%     12.83% |         125      3.01%     15.84% |         115      2.77%     18.60% |         121      2.91%     21.52% |         125      3.01%     24.52% |         113      2.72%     27.24% |         138      3.32%     30.57% |         117      2.82%     33.38% |         137      3.30%     36.68% |         115      2.77%     39.45% |         127      3.06%     42.50% |         124      2.98%     45.49% |         145      3.49%     48.98% |         137      3.30%     52.27% |         126      3.03%     55.31% |         132      3.18%     58.48% |         126      3.03%     61.52% |         136      3.27%     64.79% |         161      3.87%     68.66% |         132      3.18%     71.84% |         120      2.89%     74.73% |         107      2.58%     77.30% |         127      3.06%     80.36% |         131      3.15%     83.51% |         126      3.03%     86.55% |         128      3.08%     89.63% |         130      3.13%     92.76% |         144      3.47%     96.22% |         157      3.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total         4155                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           0      0.00%     22.86% |           1      2.86%     25.71% |           3      8.57%     34.29% |           0      0.00%     34.29% |           2      5.71%     40.00% |           1      2.86%     42.86% |           2      5.71%     48.57% |           0      0.00%     48.57% |           0      0.00%     48.57% |           1      2.86%     51.43% |           2      5.71%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           0      0.00%     65.71% |           0      0.00%     65.71% |           0      0.00%     65.71% |           2      5.71%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           2      5.71%     77.14% |           0      0.00%     77.14% |           2      5.71%     82.86% |           0      0.00%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           1      2.86%     97.14% |           1      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |         415      3.58%      3.58% |         331      2.85%      6.43% |         370      3.19%      9.62% |         331      2.85%     12.48% |         374      3.23%     15.71% |         342      2.95%     18.65% |         340      2.93%     21.59% |         355      3.06%     24.65% |         365      3.15%     27.80% |         352      3.04%     30.83% |         400      3.45%     34.28% |         362      3.12%     37.40% |         390      3.36%     40.77% |         365      3.15%     43.92% |         379      3.27%     47.18% |         379      3.27%     50.45% |         355      3.06%     53.51% |         390      3.36%     56.88% |         335      2.89%     59.77% |         332      2.86%     62.63% |         361      3.11%     65.74% |         398      3.43%     69.18% |         381      3.29%     72.46% |         332      2.86%     75.33% |         380      3.28%     78.60% |         343      2.96%     81.56% |         344      2.97%     84.53% |         334      2.88%     87.41% |         410      3.54%     90.94% |         340      2.93%     93.88% |         353      3.04%     96.92% |         357      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        11595                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        4055      3.23%      3.23% |        3951      3.15%      6.38% |        3995      3.18%      9.56% |        3967      3.16%     12.72% |        4010      3.19%     15.91% |        3897      3.10%     19.01% |        4007      3.19%     22.20% |        3952      3.15%     25.35% |        3964      3.16%     28.51% |        3849      3.06%     31.57% |        3909      3.11%     34.68% |        3844      3.06%     37.74% |        3840      3.06%     40.80% |        3787      3.02%     43.82% |        3851      3.07%     46.88% |        3825      3.05%     49.93% |        3849      3.06%     52.99% |        3813      3.04%     56.03% |        3877      3.09%     59.12% |        3850      3.07%     62.18% |        3899      3.10%     65.29% |        3846      3.06%     68.35% |        3957      3.15%     71.50% |        3896      3.10%     74.60% |        3943      3.14%     77.74% |        3922      3.12%     80.87% |        3990      3.18%     84.04% |        3953      3.15%     87.19% |        4041      3.22%     90.41% |        3972      3.16%     93.57% |        4051      3.23%     96.80% |        4021      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total       125583                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        3086      3.20%      3.20% |        3019      3.13%      6.33% |        3012      3.12%      9.45% |        3014      3.12%     12.57% |        3040      3.15%     15.73% |        2972      3.08%     18.81% |        3031      3.14%     21.95% |        3034      3.15%     25.09% |        3013      3.12%     28.22% |        2954      3.06%     31.28% |        3010      3.12%     34.40% |        2990      3.10%     37.50% |        3018      3.13%     40.63% |        2974      3.08%     43.71% |        3009      3.12%     46.83% |        2976      3.08%     49.91% |        3001      3.11%     53.02% |        2996      3.11%     56.13% |        3023      3.13%     59.26% |        2960      3.07%     62.33% |        3001      3.11%     65.44% |        2984      3.09%     68.54% |        2996      3.11%     71.64% |        2961      3.07%     74.71% |        3055      3.17%     77.88% |        3064      3.18%     81.05% |        3063      3.18%     84.23% |        3000      3.11%     87.34% |        3063      3.18%     90.51% |        3047      3.16%     93.67% |        3082      3.19%     96.87% |        3022      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        96470                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |        1337      3.51%      3.51% |        1306      3.42%      6.93% |        1252      3.28%     10.21% |        1260      3.30%     13.52% |        1235      3.24%     16.75% |        1194      3.13%     19.88% |        1197      3.14%     23.02% |        1220      3.20%     26.22% |        1223      3.21%     29.43% |        1180      3.09%     32.52% |        1156      3.03%     35.55% |        1164      3.05%     38.60% |        1159      3.04%     41.64% |        1113      2.92%     44.56% |        1170      3.07%     47.63% |        1186      3.11%     50.74% |        1184      3.10%     53.84% |        1150      3.02%     56.86% |        1165      3.05%     59.91% |        1139      2.99%     62.90% |        1159      3.04%     65.94% |        1166      3.06%     68.99% |        1176      3.08%     72.08% |        1199      3.14%     75.22% |        1231      3.23%     78.45% |        1210      3.17%     81.62% |        1211      3.18%     84.80% |        1166      3.06%     87.85% |        1192      3.13%     90.98% |        1151      3.02%     94.00% |        1136      2.98%     96.97% |        1154      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        38141                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23313      4.28%      4.28% |       16771      3.08%      7.36% |       16794      3.08%     10.44% |       16793      3.08%     13.52% |       16778      3.08%     16.60% |       16803      3.08%     19.68% |       16791      3.08%     22.76% |       16808      3.08%     25.85% |       16798      3.08%     28.93% |       16874      3.10%     32.03% |       16916      3.10%     35.13% |       16852      3.09%     38.23% |       16854      3.09%     41.32% |       16893      3.10%     44.42% |       16829      3.09%     47.51% |       16835      3.09%     50.60% |       16799      3.08%     53.68% |       16834      3.09%     56.77% |       16803      3.08%     59.85% |       16849      3.09%     62.94% |       16842      3.09%     66.04% |       16871      3.10%     69.13% |       16857      3.09%     72.22% |       16796      3.08%     75.31% |       16808      3.08%     78.39% |       16813      3.09%     81.48% |       16778      3.08%     84.56% |       16826      3.09%     87.64% |       16822      3.09%     90.73% |       16836      3.09%     93.82% |       16810      3.08%     96.91% |       16859      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       544905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        1805      3.43%      3.43% |        1720      3.27%      6.70% |        1674      3.18%      9.89% |        1679      3.19%     13.08% |        1667      3.17%     16.25% |        1602      3.05%     19.30% |        1627      3.09%     22.39% |        1698      3.23%     25.62% |        1668      3.17%     28.80% |        1611      3.06%     31.86% |        1614      3.07%     34.93% |        1622      3.08%     38.01% |        1647      3.13%     41.15% |        1579      3.00%     44.15% |        1649      3.14%     47.29% |        1651      3.14%     50.43% |        1660      3.16%     53.58% |        1632      3.10%     56.69% |        1644      3.13%     59.82% |        1586      3.02%     62.83% |        1594      3.03%     65.86% |        1627      3.09%     68.96% |        1597      3.04%     72.00% |        1621      3.08%     75.08% |        1704      3.24%     78.32% |        1703      3.24%     81.56% |        1681      3.20%     84.76% |        1592      3.03%     87.78% |        1641      3.12%     90.90% |        1611      3.06%     93.97% |        1594      3.03%     97.00% |        1577      3.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        52577                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21992      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.25% |       21945      3.12%      9.38% |       21955      3.13%     12.50% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21951      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21953      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21964      3.13%     37.50% |       21946      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21973      3.13%     65.63% |       21987      3.13%     68.76% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.26% |       21959      3.13%     84.38% |       21941      3.12%     87.50% |       21942      3.12%     90.63% |       21944      3.12%     93.75% |       21952      3.13%     96.88% |       21936      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702451                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          85      2.71%      2.71% |          98      3.13%      5.84% |         106      3.38%      9.22% |         107      3.41%     12.64% |         105      3.35%     15.99% |         112      3.57%     19.56% |         104      3.32%     22.88% |         106      3.38%     26.26% |          93      2.97%     29.23% |          77      2.46%     31.68% |         100      3.19%     34.88% |         110      3.51%     38.39% |          83      2.65%     41.03% |          96      3.06%     44.10% |         102      3.25%     47.35% |          95      3.03%     50.38% |          91      2.90%     53.29% |          73      2.33%     55.62% |          87      2.78%     58.39% |          99      3.16%     61.55% |         102      3.25%     64.81% |         101      3.22%     68.03% |          93      2.97%     71.00% |          97      3.10%     74.09% |          84      2.68%     76.77% |         103      3.29%     80.06% |          95      3.03%     83.09% |         110      3.51%     86.60% |          89      2.84%     89.44% |         120      3.83%     93.27% |          93      2.97%     96.23% |         118      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         3134                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      1.67%      1.67% |           1      1.67%      3.33% |           0      0.00%      3.33% |           4      6.67%     10.00% |           0      0.00%     10.00% |           2      3.33%     13.33% |           1      1.67%     15.00% |           1      1.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1      1.67%     18.33% |           1      1.67%     20.00% |           4      6.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           3      5.00%     31.67% |           4      6.67%     38.33% |           1      1.67%     40.00% |           1      1.67%     41.67% |           2      3.33%     45.00% |           3      5.00%     50.00% |           5      8.33%     58.33% |           1      1.67%     60.00% |           4      6.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           5      8.33%     75.00% |           2      3.33%     78.33% |           2      3.33%     81.67% |           3      5.00%     86.67% |           1      1.67%     88.33% |           3      5.00%     93.33% |           3      5.00%     98.33% |           1      1.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      148698      5.78%      5.78% |       78734      3.06%      8.84% |       77527      3.01%     11.86% |       78415      3.05%     14.91% |       77630      3.02%     17.93% |       77436      3.01%     20.94% |       77346      3.01%     23.95% |       77080      3.00%     26.94% |       77355      3.01%     29.95% |       78570      3.06%     33.01% |       79454      3.09%     36.10% |       79110      3.08%     39.17% |       78879      3.07%     42.24% |       77596      3.02%     45.26% |       76842      2.99%     48.25% |       77258      3.00%     51.25% |       78325      3.05%     54.30% |       77824      3.03%     57.32% |       78272      3.04%     60.37% |       78373      3.05%     63.42% |       78049      3.04%     66.45% |       80048      3.11%     69.56% |       78011      3.03%     72.60% |       77511      3.01%     75.61% |       77579      3.02%     78.63% |       77979      3.03%     81.66% |       77705      3.02%     84.68% |       77394      3.01%     87.69% |       77740      3.02%     90.72% |       77262      3.00%     93.72% |       79985      3.11%     96.83% |       81482      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2571469                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      3.12%      3.12% |           0      0.00%      3.12% |           3      9.38%     12.50% |           1      3.12%     15.62% |           1      3.12%     18.75% |           1      3.12%     21.88% |           2      6.25%     28.12% |           1      3.12%     31.25% |           4     12.50%     43.75% |           2      6.25%     50.00% |           1      3.12%     53.12% |           2      6.25%     59.38% |           1      3.12%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      3.12%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           1      3.12%     68.75% |           1      3.12%     71.88% |           2      6.25%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           1      3.12%     81.25% |           2      6.25%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      3.12%     90.62% |           1      3.12%     93.75% |           1      3.12%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           2      1.28%      1.28% |           1      0.64%      1.92% |           2      1.28%      3.21% |           6      3.85%      7.05% |           4      2.56%      9.62% |           7      4.49%     14.10% |           2      1.28%     15.38% |           3      1.92%     17.31% |           4      2.56%     19.87% |           2      1.28%     21.15% |           5      3.21%     24.36% |           8      5.13%     29.49% |           4      2.56%     32.05% |           6      3.85%     35.90% |           8      5.13%     41.03% |           4      2.56%     43.59% |          11      7.05%     50.64% |           3      1.92%     52.56% |           3      1.92%     54.49% |          10      6.41%     60.90% |          10      6.41%     67.31% |           6      3.85%     71.15% |           6      3.85%     75.00% |           7      4.49%     79.49% |           6      3.85%     83.33% |           4      2.56%     85.90% |           2      1.28%     87.18% |           6      3.85%     91.03% |           3      1.92%     92.95% |           7      4.49%     97.44% |           3      1.92%     99.36% |           1      0.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          156                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1285      2.84%      2.84% |        1317      2.91%      5.75% |        1366      3.02%      8.76% |        1364      3.01%     11.78% |        1396      3.08%     14.86% |        1424      3.15%     18.01% |        1465      3.24%     21.24% |        1403      3.10%     24.34% |        1369      3.02%     27.36% |        1412      3.12%     30.48% |        1451      3.20%     33.69% |        1405      3.10%     36.79% |        1475      3.26%     40.05% |        1475      3.26%     43.31% |        1432      3.16%     46.47% |        1447      3.20%     49.67% |        1453      3.21%     52.87% |        1447      3.20%     56.07% |        1487      3.28%     59.36% |        1452      3.21%     62.56% |        1444      3.19%     65.75% |        1402      3.10%     68.85% |        1411      3.12%     71.96% |        1367      3.02%     74.98% |        1373      3.03%     78.02% |        1371      3.03%     81.04% |        1401      3.09%     84.14% |        1417      3.13%     87.27% |        1420      3.14%     90.41% |        1444      3.19%     93.59% |        1472      3.25%     96.85% |        1428      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        45275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          33      1.45%      1.45% |          32      1.41%      2.86% |          44      1.94%      4.80% |          45      1.98%      6.78% |          56      2.47%      9.25% |          35      1.54%     10.79% |          38      1.67%     12.47% |          48      2.11%     14.58% |          93      4.10%     18.68% |          61      2.69%     21.37% |          94      4.14%     25.51% |         117      5.15%     30.66% |          72      3.17%     33.83% |          90      3.96%     37.80% |         123      5.42%     43.22% |          65      2.86%     46.08% |          81      3.57%     49.65% |          84      3.70%     53.35% |          55      2.42%     55.77% |          77      3.39%     59.16% |         110      4.85%     64.01% |          89      3.92%     67.93% |         107      4.71%     72.64% |          86      3.79%     76.43% |          90      3.96%     80.40% |          78      3.44%     83.83% |          64      2.82%     86.65% |          67      2.95%     89.60% |          67      2.95%     92.56% |          45      1.98%     94.54% |          65      2.86%     97.40% |          59      2.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2270                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          33      1.45%      1.45% |          32      1.41%      2.86% |          44      1.94%      4.80% |          45      1.98%      6.78% |          56      2.47%      9.25% |          35      1.54%     10.79% |          38      1.67%     12.47% |          48      2.11%     14.58% |          93      4.10%     18.68% |          61      2.69%     21.37% |          94      4.14%     25.51% |         117      5.15%     30.66% |          72      3.17%     33.83% |          90      3.96%     37.80% |         123      5.42%     43.22% |          65      2.86%     46.08% |          81      3.57%     49.65% |          84      3.70%     53.35% |          55      2.42%     55.77% |          77      3.39%     59.16% |         110      4.85%     64.01% |          89      3.92%     67.93% |         107      4.71%     72.64% |          86      3.79%     76.43% |          90      3.96%     80.40% |          78      3.44%     83.83% |          64      2.82%     86.65% |          67      2.95%     89.60% |          67      2.95%     92.56% |          45      1.98%     94.54% |          65      2.86%     97.40% |          59      2.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         2270                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           1      8.33%     16.67% |           1      8.33%     25.00% |           1      8.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1      8.33%     41.67% |           0      0.00%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      8.33%     75.00% |           2     16.67%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1285      2.84%      2.84% |        1317      2.91%      5.75% |        1366      3.02%      8.76% |        1364      3.01%     11.78% |        1396      3.08%     14.86% |        1424      3.15%     18.00% |        1465      3.24%     21.24% |        1403      3.10%     24.34% |        1369      3.02%     27.36% |        1412      3.12%     30.48% |        1451      3.20%     33.69% |        1405      3.10%     36.79% |        1475      3.26%     40.05% |        1475      3.26%     43.30% |        1432      3.16%     46.47% |        1447      3.20%     49.66% |        1453      3.21%     52.87% |        1447      3.20%     56.07% |        1487      3.28%     59.35% |        1452      3.21%     62.56% |        1444      3.19%     65.75% |        1402      3.10%     68.85% |        1411      3.12%     71.96% |        1367      3.02%     74.98% |        1373      3.03%     78.01% |        1373      3.03%     81.05% |        1401      3.09%     84.14% |        1417      3.13%     87.27% |        1420      3.14%     90.41% |        1444      3.19%     93.59% |        1472      3.25%     96.85% |        1428      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        45277                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      443377     21.65%     21.65% |     1023835     50.00%     71.65% |       36170      1.77%     73.42% |       37093      1.81%     75.23% |       36136      1.76%     77.00% |       36945      1.80%     78.80% |       36288      1.77%     80.57% |       36927      1.80%     82.38% |       35945      1.76%     84.13% |       36062      1.76%     85.89% |       35777      1.75%     87.64% |       36140      1.76%     89.40% |       36496      1.78%     91.19% |       36188      1.77%     92.95% |       35567      1.74%     94.69% |       35912      1.75%     96.44% |       36111      1.76%     98.21% |       36701      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2047670                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      443377     21.65%     21.65% |     1023835     50.00%     71.65% |       36170      1.77%     73.42% |       37093      1.81%     75.23% |       36136      1.76%     77.00% |       36945      1.80%     78.80% |       36288      1.77%     80.57% |       36927      1.80%     82.38% |       35945      1.76%     84.13% |       36062      1.76%     85.89% |       35777      1.75%     87.64% |       36140      1.76%     89.40% |       36496      1.78%     91.19% |       36188      1.77%     92.95% |       35567      1.74%     94.69% |       35912      1.75%     96.44% |       36111      1.76%     98.21% |       36701      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2047670                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      443377     21.65%     21.65% |     1023835     50.00%     71.65% |       36170      1.77%     73.42% |       37093      1.81%     75.23% |       36136      1.76%     77.00% |       36945      1.80%     78.80% |       36288      1.77%     80.57% |       36927      1.80%     82.38% |       35945      1.76%     84.13% |       36062      1.76%     85.89% |       35777      1.75%     87.64% |       36140      1.76%     89.40% |       36496      1.78%     91.19% |       36188      1.77%     92.95% |       35567      1.74%     94.69% |       35912      1.75%     96.44% |       36111      1.76%     98.21% |       36701      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2047670                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      443377     21.65%     21.65% |     1023835     50.00%     71.65% |       36170      1.77%     73.42% |       37093      1.81%     75.23% |       36136      1.76%     77.00% |       36945      1.80%     78.80% |       36288      1.77%     80.57% |       36927      1.80%     82.38% |       35945      1.76%     84.13% |       36062      1.76%     85.89% |       35777      1.75%     87.64% |       36140      1.76%     89.40% |       36496      1.78%     91.19% |       36188      1.77%     92.95% |       35567      1.74%     94.69% |       35912      1.75%     96.44% |       36111      1.76%     98.21% |       36701      1.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2047670                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
