
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.161736                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                161736402000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5337904480500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  53039                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    98515                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              115663992                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4015328                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1398.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    74165487                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     137756044                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25273792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25273792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21425024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21425024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334766                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    156265329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            156265329                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    132468781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           132468781                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    288734109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           288734109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394904                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334766                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394904                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334766                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25272128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21424768                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25273856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21425024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21135                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20666                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20810                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      186                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 161736141000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394904                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334766                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 336325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  31953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  13538                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   6433                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   3688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   1582                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    827                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                    100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                     32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  64920                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  66905                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  67149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  66531                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  66262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   1530                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                    855                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                    614                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       188484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   247.749581                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   181.209125                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   211.025099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        56210     29.82%     29.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37787     20.05%     49.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73887     39.20%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5684      3.02%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3004      1.59%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2399      1.27%     94.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1590      0.84%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1860      0.99%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6063      3.22%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       188484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        64919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.082410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.307927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        64911     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        64919                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        64919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.156611                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.126473                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.668378                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          63578     97.93%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1272      1.96%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           68      0.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        64919                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  5965328128                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            13369271878                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    15106.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               33856.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      156.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      132.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   156.27                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   132.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.04                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  302792                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 238362                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               71.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    221656.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   74.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26607692250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5400720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   129727975750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              716831640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              708107400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              391128375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              386368125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546802400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1533230400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086734880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082522880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10563808320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10563808320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        66243762675                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        65976540120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38933183250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        39167589000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         119482251540                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         119418166245                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          738.747530                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          738.351297                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24515392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24515392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20687168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20687168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       383053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             383053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323237                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323237                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    151576217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            151576217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    127906691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           127906691                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    279482908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           279482908                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     383053                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323237                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   383053                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323237                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24513664                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20687040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24515392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20687168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      195                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 161735472500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               383053                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323237                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 333374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  27350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  10148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   5848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   3577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                    703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                    302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                     79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  62983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  64552                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  64419                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  64443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  64286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   1267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                    702                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                    585                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       162509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   278.141986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   212.679004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   216.416059                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        32573     20.04%     20.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34878     21.46%     41.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        74065     45.58%     87.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5693      3.50%     90.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3048      1.88%     92.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2256      1.39%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1719      1.06%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1600      0.98%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6677      4.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       162509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        62982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.081325                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.268342                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        62976     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        62982                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        62982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.132181                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.104978                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.638330                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          59143     93.90%     93.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::6-7           2567      4.08%     97.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-9            910      1.44%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::10-11          308      0.49%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-13           47      0.07%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::14-15            7      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        62982                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  5322317354                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            12504054854                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1915130000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    13895.45                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               32645.45                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      151.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      127.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   151.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   127.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  300906                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 242845                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                78.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               75.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    228993.01                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   76.99                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27093415250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5400720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   129242123500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              620078760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              608489280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              338336625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              332013000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1501203600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486383600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049708160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1044854640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10563808320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10563808320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        65138322915                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        64660925115                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39902867250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40321637250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         119114325630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         119018111205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          736.472679                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          735.877794                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24515904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24515904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20689280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20689280                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       383061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             383061                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323270                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    151579383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            151579383                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    127919749                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           127919749                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    279499132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           279499132                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     383061                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323270                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   383061                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323270                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24514752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20689152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24515904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20689280                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                      172                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 161735397500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               383061                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323270                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 334020                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  27667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   9652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   5602                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   3496                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1477                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                    731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                    293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                     82                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  63025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  64640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  64485                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  64260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  64143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   1397                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                    754                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                    566                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       162467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   278.234374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   212.820772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   216.242217                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        32658     20.10%     20.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34166     21.03%     41.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        74591     45.91%     87.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5772      3.55%     90.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3011      1.85%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2279      1.40%     93.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1757      1.08%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1545      0.95%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6688      4.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       162467                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        63024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.077685                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.317813                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        63018     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        63024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        63024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.129284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.103391                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.617931                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          61809     98.07%     98.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1184      1.88%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15           30      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            1      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        63024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  5327435853                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            12509492103                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1915215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    13908.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               32658.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      151.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      127.92                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   151.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   127.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  300772                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 243072                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                78.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               75.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    228979.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   77.00                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27186029500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5400720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   129149509250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              619610040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              608640480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              338080875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              332095500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1501500000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1486235400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049766480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1045010160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10563808320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10563808320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        64721768625                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        64284867045                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        40268265750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40651512750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         119062800090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         118972169655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.154101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          735.593742                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24495232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24495232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20686592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20686592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382738                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323228                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    151451570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            151451570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    127903130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           127903130                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    279354700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           279354700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382738                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323228                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382738                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323228                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24494592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20686592                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24495232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20686592                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23609                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20022                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                      209                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 161735076500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382738                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323228                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 332387                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  27778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  10672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   5652                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   3624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                    688                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                    310                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                     72                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  62981                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  64521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  64540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  64269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  64132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   1406                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                    762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                    617                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       160835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   280.916368                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   215.895786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   216.430196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        30891     19.21%     19.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        34314     21.33%     40.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        74616     46.39%     86.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5743      3.57%     90.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2938      1.83%     92.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2287      1.42%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1813      1.13%     94.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1525      0.95%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         6708      4.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       160835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        62981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      6.076849                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    13.660034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        62975     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        62981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        62981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.132151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.105914                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.620148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          59067     93.79%     93.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::6-7           2673      4.24%     98.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-9            955      1.52%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::10-11          252      0.40%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-13           31      0.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::14-15            3      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        62981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  5417446595                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            12593596595                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    14154.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               32904.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      151.45                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      127.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   151.45                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   127.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  300868                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 244253                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                78.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               75.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    229097.54                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   77.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26269104000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5400720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   130066434750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              613841760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              602070840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              334933500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              328510875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499713800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485564600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049546160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1044971280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10563808320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10563808320                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        64903701510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        64355072805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        40108675500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40589928750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         119074220550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         118969927470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.224713                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          735.579879                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1428                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1428                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              239                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          558                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          956                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1116                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5250                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              527940                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              129440                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1858000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13550399                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 64.702517                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                30.283190                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               139.996444                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12427224     91.71%     91.71% |      147643      1.09%     92.80% |      258536      1.91%     94.71% |      288065      2.13%     96.83% |       96978      0.72%     97.55% |      190562      1.41%     98.96% |      136853      1.01%     99.97% |        4538      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13550399                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     48562719                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.988527                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.592837                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.742409                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    46442942     95.63%     95.63% |     1401458      2.89%     98.52% |       28627      0.06%     98.58% |       57555      0.12%     98.70% |      184915      0.38%     99.08% |      156210      0.32%     99.40% |       63311      0.13%     99.53% |      146374      0.30%     99.83% |       81327      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      48562719                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            48562717                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              16.441050                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.621909                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             85.216140                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    47819001     98.47%     98.47% |      275642      0.57%     99.04% |      257550      0.53%     99.57% |      175708      0.36%     99.93% |       29204      0.06%     99.99% |        4502      0.01%    100.00% |        1059      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              48562717                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        46392161                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000138                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000117                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.012393                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    46386067     99.99%     99.99% |        5876      0.01%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          46392161                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2170556                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        303.719040                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       202.892994                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       275.827933                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1426840     65.74%     65.74% |      275642     12.70%     78.44% |      257550     11.87%     90.30% |      175708      8.10%     98.40% |       29204      1.35%     99.74% |        4502      0.21%     99.95% |        1059      0.05%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2170556                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         166602                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       166602                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     30494036                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312258                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     31806294                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     15891843                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127299                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     16019142                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1296529                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46137                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       515764                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130895                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78033                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         6282                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       730986                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       737268                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       255467                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       118342                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59629                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       177971                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20145                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47888                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68033                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16796                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47938                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64734                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47919                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64136                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12583                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47962                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60545                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13427                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47905                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61332                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12517                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47926                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60443                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47821                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15564                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47891                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63455                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14930                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47906                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62836                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15780                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47928                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63708                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16471                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64316                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14405                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62318                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16257                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47835                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64092                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47856                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66914                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47825                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67945                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16199                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47807                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        64006                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16840                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47907                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64747                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18405                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47956                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66361                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16293                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47877                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64170                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47788                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66196                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20347                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68191                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19318                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67159                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47854                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62035                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27393                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47809                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75202                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24926                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72768                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13603                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47871                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61474                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13675                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47828                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61503                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11035                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58880                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10840                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47862                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14739                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47939                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62678                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47874                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62994                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     23202457                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     23202457                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     23648140                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     23202457                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9288722                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9263257                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     23202457                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.071729                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      8421892                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      8421892                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8447425                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8421892                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3811819                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3811540                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      8421892                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.026036                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     13850506                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     13850506                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14549927                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13850506                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5661360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5632342                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     13850506                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.042818                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6622026                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6622026                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6640896                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6622026                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2744691                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2744514                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6622026                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.020472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      6764328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      6764328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6771619                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6764328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2790955                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2790884                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      6764328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.020912                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      7427353                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      7427353                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7442137                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7427353                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3036204                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3036061                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      7427353                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.022961                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9372462                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9372462                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9541553                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9372462                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3225732                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3212798                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9372462                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.028974                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      4778597                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      4778597                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4785137                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4778597                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1709077                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1709005                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      4778597                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.014773                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      3762787                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      3762787                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3765014                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3762787                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1512145                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1512127                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      3762787                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.011632                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      3988578                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      3988578                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3990280                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3988578                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1675910                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1675890                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      3988578                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.012330                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3205316                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3205316                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3207907                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3205316                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1199665                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1199656                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3205316                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.009909                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      4037546                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      4037546                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4039474                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4037546                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1578972                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1578958                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      4037546                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.012482                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4551330                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4551330                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4553478                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4551330                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1856683                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1856666                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4551330                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.014070                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3442820                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3442820                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3444931                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3442820                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1269420                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1269404                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3442820                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.010643                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      1899476                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      1899476                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1901245                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1899476                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       700691                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       700672                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      1899476                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.005872                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3021594                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3021594                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3041220                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3021594                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1103921                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1103806                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3021594                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.009341                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4688057                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4688057                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4736275                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4688057                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1640810                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1639473                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4688057                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014493                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3206219                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3206219                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3227087                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3206219                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1154056                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1153907                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3206219                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.009912                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3348431                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3348431                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3362411                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3348431                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1224987                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1224887                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3348431                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.010352                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1960244                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1960244                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1962411                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1960244                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724268                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       724244                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1960244                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006060                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      2052882                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      2052882                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2052904                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2052882                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       849350                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       849350                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      2052882                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.006346                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2415769                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2415769                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2415779                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2415769                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1026325                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1026325                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2415769                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007468                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2043414                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2043414                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2043548                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2043414                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       811350                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       811350                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2043414                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006317                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1312302                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1312302                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1312302                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1312302                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499794                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499794                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1312302                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004057                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      2011429                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      2011429                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2011435                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2011429                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       803021                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       803021                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      2011429                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.006218                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2392743                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2392743                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2392753                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2392743                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1005389                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1005387                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2392743                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007397                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2001732                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2001732                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2001993                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2001732                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       785352                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       785352                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2001732                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006188                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1332646                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1332646                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1332646                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1332646                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506714                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506714                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1332646                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004120                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8382865                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8382865                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8452890                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8382865                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3215203                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3214589                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8382865                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025915                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      8722656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      8722656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8774973                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8722656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3333126                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3332492                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      8722656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.026966                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7221422                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7221422                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7268407                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7221422                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2613747                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2613214                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7221422                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.022325                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      7661110                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      7661110                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7703236                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7661110                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2780790                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2780230                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      7661110                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.023684                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12965590     29.58%     29.58% |    28800864     65.72%     95.30% |     2059431      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43825885                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12965590     29.58%     29.58% |    28800864     65.72%     95.30% |     2059431      4.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43825885                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   494212248                       |   683524174                       |    45852552                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1345220208                       |   116731800                       |     2059432                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   38.117220                       |   23.732766                       |   22.264670                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |  103.753104                       |    4.053066                       |    1.000000                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.919322                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    33.405177                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         61.324498                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002137                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.050242      7.63%      7.63% |    0.050233      7.63%     15.26% |    0.049307      7.49%     22.75% |    0.049094      7.46%     30.21% |    0.107486     16.33%     46.54% |    0.106227     16.14%     62.68% |    0.107477     16.33%     79.01% |    0.106215     16.14%     95.14% |    0.007993      1.21%     96.36% |    0.007995      1.21%     97.57% |    0.007994      1.21%     98.79% |    0.007994      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.658259                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.016337                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.026460                       |    0.000000                       |    0.013370                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004284                       |    0.002035                       |    0.001930                       |    0.001924                       |    0.001914                       |    0.001910                       |    0.001865                       |    0.001863                       |    0.001937                       |    0.001937                       |    0.001974                       |    0.001963                       |    0.001897                       |    0.001909                       |    0.001894                       |    0.001899                       |    0.001949                       |    0.001938                       |    0.001956                       |    0.001967                       |    0.001964                       |    0.002015                       |    0.002034                       |    0.001961                       |    0.001975                       |    0.002005                       |    0.001965                       |    0.001997                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002014                       |    0.002163                       |    0.002120                       |    0.007320                       |    0.007099                       |    0.007099                       |    0.007093                       |    0.000075                       |           0                       |    0.000372                       |    0.000888                       |    0.000516                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002097                       |    0.000076                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002038                       |    0.002135                       |           0                       |    0.002047                       |           0                       |    0.003475                       |    0.003975                       |    0.002135                       |           0                       |    0.002168                       |    0.006503                       |           0                       |    0.006922                       |    0.007385                       |    0.002938                       |    0.013557                       |    0.002040                       |    0.000516                       |    0.008367                       |    0.008996                       |    0.009342                       |           0                       |    0.002024                       |           0                       |    0.007314                       |    0.007596                       |    0.003537                       |           0                       |    0.002135                       |    0.006287                       |           0                       |    0.007944                       |    0.006880                       |    0.003720                       |           0                       |    0.002081                       |           0                       |    0.003938                       |    0.003441                       |    0.003023                       |           0                       |    0.002107                       |           0                       |    0.001975                       |    0.002137                       |           0                       |    0.002142                       |           0                       |    0.000833                       |    0.002015                       |    0.002478                       |           0                       |    0.002038                       |           0                       |    0.000735                       |    0.003281                       |    0.003952                       |    0.002325                       |           0                       |    0.002020                       |           0                       |    0.004216                       |    0.006243                       |    0.005082                       |    0.003350                       |    0.026351                       |    0.003771                       |    0.000372                       |    0.012304                       |    0.011325                       |    0.014446                       |    0.003161                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002139                       |    0.000888                       |    0.001608                       |    0.006384                       |    0.011862                       |    0.003156                       |           0                       |    0.002012                       |           0                       |    0.006319                       |    0.004245                       |    0.006260                       |    0.004126                       |           0                       |    0.002018                       |           0                       |    0.001664                       |    0.003902                       |    0.003255                       |    0.003231                       |           0                       |    0.002134                       |           0                       |    0.000803                       |    0.002005                       |    0.002455                       |           0                       |    0.002150                       |           0                       |    0.000037                       |    0.002034                       |    0.002096                       |           0                       |    0.002080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001805                       |    0.004007                       |    0.002017                       |           0                       |    0.002296                       |    0.006287                       |           0                       |    0.000784                       |    0.003577                       |    0.007362                       |    0.002019                       |           0                       |    0.001980                       |           0                       |    0.019805                       |    0.003353                       |    0.001771                       |    0.002066                       |           0                       |    0.001986                       |           0                       |    0.000885                       |    0.007294                       |    0.002554                       |    0.002054                       |           0                       |    0.002229                       |    0.006284                       |           0                       |    0.001567                       |    0.007983                       |    0.003538                       |    0.002082                       |           0                       |    0.002020                       |           0                       |    0.000886                       |    0.003874                       |    0.001768                       |    0.002095                       |           0                       |    0.002101                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001965                       |    0.002122                       |           0                       |    0.002096                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001961                       |           0                       |    0.002017                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003855                       |           0                       |    0.002019                       |           0                       |    0.002351                       |           0                       |    0.004970                       |           0                       |    0.002066                       |           0                       |    0.009294                       |    0.001568                       |    0.001566                       |           0                       |    0.002054                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.005508                       |    0.002350                       |           0                       |    0.002082                       |           0                       |    0.003916                       |    0.004354                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002095                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003965                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002122                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001997                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.658259                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        15452208                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     15452208                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       695077                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     12474491                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11819616                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.750287                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          899571                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29696                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             17614417                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95167                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            25061218                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188759                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         17709584                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        25249977                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  42675635                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283926                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              42959561                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             16026326                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10096                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         16036422                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  16026326                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              16036422                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                316646149                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     51083784                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               85735337                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            15452208                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     12719187                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             259608672                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1522178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       205961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       378528                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       347803                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          16025721                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341507                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    312536537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.525781                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.739342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        278912916     89.24%     89.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          6226706      1.99%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1948989      0.62%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1444613      0.46%     92.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5394405      1.73%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5465244      1.75%     95.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1774264      0.57%     96.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           637463      0.20%     96.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         10731937      3.43%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    312536537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048800                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.270761                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28726102                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     257370081                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17827713                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       7851545                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         761089                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      156314637                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         761089                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         31820676                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       159264677                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16937255                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          22026070                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      81726763                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      153012245                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        8138678                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    162230395                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     346198629                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    213315516                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     144543542                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17686851                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443330                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447858                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          50979454                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     10146094                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     25621623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      2652620                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      2416483                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          149862535                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       901104                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         154993392                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294574                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12604772                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17054026                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141972                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    312536537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.495921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.218320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    246901192     79.00%     79.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27707875      8.87%     87.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     14869810      4.76%     92.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10091612      3.23%     95.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3863849      1.24%     97.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4326321      1.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730344      1.19%     99.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562276      0.18%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483258      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    312536537                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123992      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954629     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324171     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504958      0.33%      0.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     111143837     71.71%     72.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63764      0.04%     72.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.03%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17832397     11.51%     83.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     25396111     16.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      154993392                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.489485                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402792                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.009051                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    624220632                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    163378287                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    145174813                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      155891198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2820588                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1342112                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2782                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10162                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075700                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      9713905                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         761089                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6921638                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     143108917                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150763639                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105810                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      10146094                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     25621623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       892011                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         232130                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10162                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407101                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369176                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776277                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     153692282                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      17604257                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017736                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             42704558                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         13097099                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           25100301                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.485375                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              145316101                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             145174833                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          86528752                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         130797949                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.458477                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.661545                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12934477                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       759132                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    310308688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.443932                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.272683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    256644560     82.71%     82.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21464536      6.92%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11306630      3.64%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     11113838      3.58%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2416953      0.78%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       974657      0.31%     97.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390390      0.77%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523698      0.17%     98.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3473426      1.12%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    310308688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     74165486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      137756041                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               33349904                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               8803981                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           12391007                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         137035752                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       817371                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       218052      0.16%      0.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    104074845     75.55%     75.71% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62401      0.05%     75.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      8803981      6.39%     82.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     24545923     17.82%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    137756041                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3473426                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            457317587                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           303621412                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88382                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4109612                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            74165486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             137756041                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.269454                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.269454                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.234222                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.234222                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        218082305                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       106235825                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          62407518                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45985457                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        69099269                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         445073                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              10305721500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean             10305721500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248649                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean       111.179429                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       42.134979                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      195.908399                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5125982     82.03%     82.03% |      147135      2.35%     84.39% |      258536      4.14%     88.53% |      288065      4.61%     93.14% |       96978      1.55%     94.69% |      190562      3.05%     97.74% |      136853      2.19%     99.93% |        4538      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248649                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7282745                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        24.936328                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       22.832728                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.809028                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5206256     71.49%     71.49% |     2062249     28.32%     99.80% |       11317      0.16%     99.96% |        2415      0.03%     99.99% |         483      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7282745                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         19005                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.034886                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.725711                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.084494                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         688      3.62%      3.62% |        2291     12.05%     15.67% |        8793     46.27%     61.94% |        4362     22.95%     84.89% |        2864     15.07%     99.96% |           6      0.03%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           19005                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          7136366                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           24.411626                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.876926                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         119.595584                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6942033     97.28%     97.28% |       45426      0.64%     97.91% |       84645      1.19%     99.10% |       45662      0.64%     99.74% |       16500      0.23%     99.97% |        1617      0.02%     99.99% |         454      0.01%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            7136366                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6688608                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000543                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000469                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.023303                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6684974     99.95%     99.95% |        3634      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6688608                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       447758                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     344.250325                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    178.263679                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    344.700123                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      253425     56.60%     56.60% |       45426     10.15%     66.74% |       84645     18.90%     85.65% |       45662     10.20%     95.85% |       16500      3.69%     99.53% |        1617      0.36%     99.89% |         454      0.10%     99.99% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        447758                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         25080725                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           22.377259                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.935783                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          98.781163                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    24536502     97.83%     97.83% |      225430      0.90%     98.73% |      172570      0.69%     99.42% |      130009      0.52%     99.94% |       12702      0.05%     99.99% |        2885      0.01%    100.00% |         605      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           25080725                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     23513396                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000113                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000094                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.012007                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    23511038     99.99%     99.99% |        2140      0.01%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |          66      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       23513396                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1567329                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     313.077244                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    231.065174                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    256.915653                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1023106     65.28%     65.28% |      225430     14.38%     79.66% |      172570     11.01%     90.67% |      130009      8.29%     98.97% |       12702      0.81%     99.78% |        2885      0.18%     99.96% |         605      0.04%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1567329                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     16019141                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.685576                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.078551                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       9.444929                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    16002148     99.89%     99.89% |       13397      0.08%     99.98% |        3270      0.02%    100.00% |          68      0.00%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |         125      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       16019141                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     15891843                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000355                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15891841    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     15891843                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127298                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.272628                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.568160                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.983478                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110305     86.65%     86.65% |       13397     10.52%     97.18% |        3270      2.57%     99.74% |          68      0.05%     99.80% |         108      0.08%     99.88% |         125      0.10%     99.98% |          19      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127298                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325179                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.080177                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.020605                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.031225                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      318278     97.88%     97.88% |        5337      1.64%     99.52% |        1313      0.40%     99.92% |         135      0.04%     99.96% |          57      0.02%     99.98% |          45      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325179                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       297036                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018345                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296936     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       297036                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28143                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   107.913584                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.321923                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    81.597508                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       21242     75.48%     75.48% |        5337     18.96%     94.44% |        1313      4.67%     99.11% |         135      0.48%     99.59% |          57      0.20%     99.79% |          45      0.16%     99.95% |          11      0.04%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28143                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        12553                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       596844                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       107737                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   367579                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   301926                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  37957                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  29882                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   235353                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   200372                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               405536                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               331808                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 6226577                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140639176995346                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  116768                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   84000                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                 288768                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                 247808                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits               104851                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                76478                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              11917                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               7522                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits              262728                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits              225448                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             26040                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             22360                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               11221434                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                9265579                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    2048                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    2048                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               9049490                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               5500794                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            5199914                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            4983864                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles             11627525                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles             10981924                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          9049490                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          5500794                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       4674048                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       4037316                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         7665426                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         6493197                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           11104232                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            8782146                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         314193245                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11177303                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          9160162                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0              7164                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              5389                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             58168                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             49569                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             29477                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             16835                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          425921                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          656333                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394877     25.58%     25.58% |      383053     24.81%     50.39% |      383061     24.81%     75.21% |      382738     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543729                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328935     25.68%     25.68% |      317399     24.77%     50.45% |      317429     24.78%     75.23% |      317385     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1281148                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394903     25.58%     25.58% |      383053     24.81%     50.39% |      383061     24.81%     75.21% |      382738     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543755                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334766     25.66%     25.66% |      323237     24.78%     50.44% |      323270     24.78%     75.22% |      323228     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304501                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57750     25.13%     25.13% |       57462     25.00%     50.13% |       57440     24.99%     75.13% |       57161     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394877     25.58%     25.58% |      383053     24.81%     50.39% |      383061     24.81%     75.21% |      382738     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543729                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328679     25.67%     25.67% |      317205     24.78%     50.45% |      317238     24.78%     75.23% |      317196     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280318                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57750     25.13%     25.13% |       57462     25.00%     50.13% |       57440     24.99%     75.13% |       57161     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229813                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394876     25.58%     25.58% |      383053     24.81%     50.39% |      383061     24.81%     75.21% |      382738     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543728                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328679     25.67%     25.67% |      317205     24.78%     50.45% |      317238     24.78%     75.23% |      317196     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280318                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6937464     97.19%     97.19% |          14      0.00%     97.19% |      200705      2.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      7138183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    16019190    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     16019190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    24871015     97.89%     97.89% |           0      0.00%     97.89% |      536577      2.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     25407592                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18989     99.93%     99.93% |          14      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        19003                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1434175     66.25%     66.25% |           0      0.00%     66.25% |      730474     33.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2164649                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247490     55.63%     55.63% |          12      0.00%     55.63% |      197422     44.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       444924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1192050     69.08%     69.08% |           0      0.00%     69.08% |      533564     30.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1725614                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307192     64.15%     64.15% |           0      0.00%     64.15% |      730474     35.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2037666                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      250097     55.88%     55.88% |          14      0.00%     55.89% |      197422     44.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447533                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122623    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122623                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061857     66.56%     66.56% |           0      0.00%     66.56% |      533564     33.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1595421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11186    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11186                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         225    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          225                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4676    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4676                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          63    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           63                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1954    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    15891843    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     15891843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5659     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5661                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124410    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124410                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2576318     99.87%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |        3282      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2579600                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59029    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1907     99.37%     99.37% |          12      0.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186474     48.58%     48.58% |           0      0.00%     48.58% |      197410     51.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       383884                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3956690    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3956690                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    23749681     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |        3000      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     23752681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         236    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          236                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120718     67.77%     67.77% |           0      0.00%     67.77% |      533064     32.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1653782                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247490     55.63%     55.63% |          12      0.00%     55.63% |      197422     44.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       444924                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      130130    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       130130                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061920     66.56%     66.56% |           0      0.00%     66.56% |      533564     33.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1595484                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1816     99.94%     99.94% |           0      0.00%     99.94% |           1      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     96.60%     96.60% |           0      0.00%     96.60% |          13      3.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          382                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307191     64.15%     64.15% |           0      0.00%     64.15% |      730474     35.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2037665                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3922      3.08%      3.08% |        3744      2.94%      6.02% |        3545      2.78%      8.80% |        3539      2.78%     11.58% |        3658      2.87%     14.46% |        4081      3.21%     17.66% |        3855      3.03%     20.69% |        3404      2.67%     23.36% |        3675      2.89%     26.25% |        5269      4.14%     30.39% |        4072      3.20%     33.58% |        3932      3.09%     36.67% |        3677      2.89%     39.56% |        4534      3.56%     43.12% |        3967      3.12%     46.24% |        3841      3.02%     49.25% |        4280      3.36%     52.61% |        4315      3.39%     56.00% |        3760      2.95%     58.96% |        3437      2.70%     61.66% |        3181      2.50%     64.15% |        3799      2.98%     67.14% |        3606      2.83%     69.97% |        3450      2.71%     72.68% |        3760      2.95%     75.63% |        3878      3.05%     78.68% |        3368      2.65%     81.32% |        4770      3.75%     85.07% |        4104      3.22%     88.29% |        5242      4.12%     92.41% |        5172      4.06%     96.47% |        4494      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108155     24.15%     24.15% |       13866      3.10%     27.25% |       11536      2.58%     29.83% |       12322      2.75%     32.58% |       11485      2.56%     35.14% |       10966      2.45%     37.59% |        9722      2.17%     39.77% |        9718      2.17%     41.94% |       11561      2.58%     44.52% |       10325      2.31%     46.82% |       13056      2.92%     49.74% |       12103      2.70%     52.44% |       10143      2.27%     54.71% |        9918      2.22%     56.92% |        9383      2.10%     59.02% |        9711      2.17%     61.19% |       10980      2.45%     63.64% |       10105      2.26%     65.90% |       10360      2.31%     68.21% |       10699      2.39%     70.60% |       10623      2.37%     72.97% |       11064      2.47%     75.44% |       12407      2.77%     78.21% |        9961      2.22%     80.44% |       10213      2.28%     82.72% |       10763      2.40%     85.12% |        9978      2.23%     87.35% |        9721      2.17%     89.52% |       11137      2.49%     92.01% |       10188      2.28%     94.28% |       11922      2.66%     96.95% |       13669      3.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       447760                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       65892      4.13%      4.13% |       50423      3.16%      7.29% |       47237      2.96%     10.25% |       46170      2.89%     13.14% |       46346      2.90%     16.05% |       46462      2.91%     18.96% |       45303      2.84%     21.80% |       45591      2.86%     24.66% |       47443      2.97%     27.63% |       47400      2.97%     30.60% |       47606      2.98%     33.59% |       48111      3.02%     36.60% |       46725      2.93%     39.53% |       46880      2.94%     42.47% |       47090      2.95%     45.42% |       47161      2.96%     48.38% |       48195      3.02%     51.40% |       48416      3.03%     54.43% |       49584      3.11%     57.54% |       50180      3.15%     60.68% |       50288      3.15%     63.84% |       52051      3.26%     67.10% |       51932      3.25%     70.35% |       50595      3.17%     73.52% |       50774      3.18%     76.71% |       51720      3.24%     79.95% |       50824      3.19%     83.13% |       51705      3.24%     86.37% |       52960      3.32%     89.69% |       51728      3.24%     92.94% |       58108      3.64%     96.58% |       54605      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1595505                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172212      8.45%      8.45% |       64169      3.15%     11.60% |       58665      2.88%     14.48% |       58384      2.87%     17.34% |       57704      2.83%     20.18% |       56401      2.77%     22.94% |       54930      2.70%     25.64% |       55217      2.71%     28.35% |       58897      2.89%     31.24% |       57643      2.83%     34.07% |       60546      2.97%     37.04% |       60133      2.95%     39.99% |       56789      2.79%     42.78% |       56720      2.78%     45.56% |       56376      2.77%     48.33% |       56795      2.79%     51.12% |       59101      2.90%     54.02% |       58442      2.87%     56.88% |       59819      2.94%     59.82% |       60805      2.98%     62.80% |       60836      2.99%     65.79% |       63022      3.09%     68.88% |       64252      3.15%     72.04% |       60474      2.97%     75.00% |       60899      2.99%     77.99% |       62401      3.06%     81.06% |       60723      2.98%     84.04% |       61343      3.01%     87.05% |       64015      3.14%     90.19% |       61837      3.03%     93.22% |       69945      3.43%     96.65% |       68172      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2037667                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51100      3.99%      3.99% |       39630      3.10%      7.09% |       39655      3.10%     10.19% |       39647      3.10%     13.28% |       39622      3.10%     16.38% |       39632      3.10%     19.47% |       39637      3.10%     22.57% |       39642      3.10%     25.67% |       39651      3.10%     28.76% |       39649      3.10%     31.86% |       39650      3.10%     34.96% |       39658      3.10%     38.06% |       39631      3.10%     41.15% |       39641      3.10%     44.25% |       39643      3.10%     47.34% |       39629      3.10%     50.44% |       39672      3.10%     53.54% |       39655      3.10%     56.64% |       39660      3.10%     59.74% |       39656      3.10%     62.83% |       39639      3.10%     65.93% |       39666      3.10%     69.03% |       39660      3.10%     72.13% |       39653      3.10%     75.22% |       39658      3.10%     78.32% |       39657      3.10%     81.42% |       39654      3.10%     84.52% |       39644      3.10%     87.61% |       39650      3.10%     90.71% |       39635      3.10%     93.81% |       39643      3.10%     96.90% |       39641      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1280160                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7413      3.22%      3.22% |        7208      3.13%      6.36% |        7210      3.14%      9.49% |        7159      3.11%     12.61% |        7202      3.13%     15.74% |        7148      3.11%     18.85% |        7160      3.11%     21.96% |        7172      3.12%     25.08% |        7240      3.15%     28.23% |        7177      3.12%     31.35% |        7241      3.15%     34.50% |        7214      3.14%     37.63% |        7283      3.17%     40.80% |        7217      3.14%     43.94% |        7236      3.15%     47.08% |        7145      3.11%     50.19% |        7172      3.12%     53.31% |        7203      3.13%     56.44% |        7221      3.14%     59.58% |        7141      3.11%     62.69% |        7148      3.11%     65.80% |        7141      3.11%     68.90% |        7117      3.09%     72.00% |        7107      3.09%     75.09% |        7202      3.13%     78.22% |        7250      3.15%     81.37% |        7174      3.12%     84.49% |        7097      3.09%     87.58% |        7146      3.11%     90.68% |        7158      3.11%     93.80% |        7117      3.09%     96.89% |        7152      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229971                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59629      3.86%      3.86% |       47888      3.10%      6.96% |       47913      3.10%     10.07% |       47854      3.10%     13.17% |       47870      3.10%     16.27% |       47827      3.10%     19.37% |       47845      3.10%     22.47% |       47862      3.10%     25.57% |       47939      3.11%     28.67% |       47874      3.10%     31.77% |       47938      3.11%     34.88% |       47919      3.10%     37.98% |       47962      3.11%     41.09% |       47905      3.10%     44.19% |       47926      3.10%     47.30% |       47821      3.10%     50.40% |       47891      3.10%     53.50% |       47906      3.10%     56.60% |       47928      3.10%     59.71% |       47845      3.10%     62.81% |       47835      3.10%     65.90% |       47856      3.10%     69.00% |       47825      3.10%     72.10% |       47807      3.10%     75.20% |       47907      3.10%     78.30% |       47956      3.11%     81.41% |       47877      3.10%     84.51% |       47788      3.10%     87.61% |       47843      3.10%     90.70% |       47841      3.10%     93.80% |       47809      3.10%     96.90% |       47842      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543728                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58605      3.88%      3.88% |       46864      3.10%      6.98% |       46889      3.10%     10.08% |       46830      3.10%     13.18% |       46846      3.10%     16.28% |       46803      3.10%     19.38% |       46821      3.10%     22.48% |       46838      3.10%     25.58% |       46915      3.10%     28.68% |       46850      3.10%     31.79% |       46914      3.10%     34.89% |       46895      3.10%     37.99% |       46938      3.11%     41.10% |       46881      3.10%     44.20% |       46902      3.10%     47.31% |       46797      3.10%     50.40% |       46867      3.10%     53.51% |       46882      3.10%     56.61% |       46904      3.10%     59.71% |       46821      3.10%     62.81% |       46811      3.10%     65.91% |       46832      3.10%     69.01% |       46801      3.10%     72.11% |       46783      3.10%     75.20% |       46883      3.10%     78.31% |       46932      3.11%     81.41% |       46853      3.10%     84.51% |       46764      3.09%     87.61% |       46819      3.10%     90.71% |       46817      3.10%     93.81% |       46785      3.10%     96.90% |       46818      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510960                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          61     25.52%     25.52% |           2      0.84%     26.36% |          14      5.86%     32.22% |          10      4.18%     36.40% |          25     10.46%     46.86% |          26     10.88%     57.74% |           2      0.84%     58.58% |           4      1.67%     60.25% |           9      3.77%     64.02% |           1      0.42%     64.44% |           6      2.51%     66.95% |           3      1.26%     68.20% |           3      1.26%     69.46% |           0      0.00%     69.46% |           0      0.00%     69.46% |           0      0.00%     69.46% |           2      0.84%     70.29% |           3      1.26%     71.55% |           7      2.93%     74.48% |           3      1.26%     75.73% |           1      0.42%     76.15% |           5      2.09%     78.24% |           3      1.26%     79.50% |           2      0.84%     80.33% |           4      1.67%     82.01% |           4      1.67%     83.68% |           5      2.09%     85.77% |           7      2.93%     88.70% |           8      3.35%     92.05% |           7      2.93%     94.98% |          11      4.60%     99.58% |           1      0.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          239                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         641      3.42%      3.42% |         554      2.95%      6.37% |         542      2.89%      9.26% |         525      2.80%     12.05% |         569      3.03%     15.09% |         538      2.87%     17.95% |         569      3.03%     20.99% |         592      3.15%     24.14% |         626      3.34%     27.48% |         554      2.95%     30.43% |         619      3.30%     33.73% |         628      3.35%     37.08% |         685      3.65%     40.73% |         631      3.36%     44.09% |         646      3.44%     47.53% |         586      3.12%     50.66% |         593      3.16%     53.82% |         630      3.36%     57.17% |         625      3.33%     60.50% |         563      3.00%     63.50% |         562      3.00%     66.50% |         583      3.11%     69.61% |         548      2.92%     72.53% |         537      2.86%     75.39% |         610      3.25%     78.64% |         656      3.50%     82.14% |         596      3.18%     85.31% |         537      2.86%     88.17% |         549      2.93%     91.10% |         568      3.03%     94.13% |         548      2.92%     97.05% |         554      2.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18764                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      172388      8.45%      8.45% |       64268      3.15%     11.60% |       58768      2.88%     14.48% |       58471      2.87%     17.34% |       57804      2.83%     20.18% |       56510      2.77%     22.95% |       55011      2.70%     25.64% |       55301      2.71%     28.35% |       58999      2.89%     31.24% |       57721      2.83%     34.07% |       60648      2.97%     37.05% |       60211      2.95%     40.00% |       56866      2.79%     42.78% |       56796      2.78%     45.57% |       56454      2.77%     48.33% |       56867      2.79%     51.12% |       59173      2.90%     54.02% |       58515      2.87%     56.89% |       59896      2.94%     59.82% |       60879      2.98%     62.81% |       60911      2.99%     65.79% |       63097      3.09%     68.89% |       64329      3.15%     72.04% |       60553      2.97%     75.01% |       60977      2.99%     77.99% |       62478      3.06%     81.06% |       60800      2.98%     84.04% |       61421      3.01%     87.05% |       64095      3.14%     90.19% |       61916      3.03%     93.22% |       70029      3.43%     96.65% |       68272      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2040424                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         546      3.24%      3.24% |         474      2.81%      6.05% |         473      2.81%      8.86% |         469      2.78%     11.64% |         514      3.05%     14.69% |         471      2.80%     17.49% |         508      3.01%     20.50% |         533      3.16%     23.67% |         553      3.28%     26.95% |         497      2.95%     29.90% |         540      3.20%     33.10% |         571      3.39%     36.49% |         628      3.73%     40.22% |         572      3.39%     43.61% |         586      3.48%     47.09% |         533      3.16%     50.26% |         543      3.22%     53.48% |         579      3.44%     56.91% |         571      3.39%     60.30% |         514      3.05%     63.35% |         510      3.03%     66.38% |         533      3.16%     69.54% |         491      2.91%     72.46% |         478      2.84%     75.29% |         552      3.28%     78.57% |         601      3.57%     82.14% |         542      3.22%     85.35% |         486      2.88%     88.24% |         498      2.96%     91.19% |         517      3.07%     94.26% |         495      2.94%     97.20% |         472      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16850                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18686      7.92%      7.92% |        7083      3.00%     10.93% |        7096      3.01%     13.94% |        7036      2.98%     16.92% |        7004      2.97%     19.89% |        6991      2.96%     22.86% |        6998      2.97%     25.82% |        6993      2.97%     28.79% |        7033      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7069      3.00%     37.75% |        6990      2.96%     40.72% |        6993      2.97%     43.68% |        6995      2.97%     46.65% |        6999      2.97%     49.62% |        6958      2.95%     52.57% |        6996      2.97%     55.53% |        6974      2.96%     58.49% |        7007      2.97%     61.46% |        6986      2.96%     64.42% |        6985      2.96%     67.39% |        6969      2.96%     70.34% |        6995      2.97%     73.31% |        6988      2.96%     76.27% |        7008      2.97%     79.24% |        7010      2.97%     82.22% |        6985      2.96%     85.18% |        6963      2.95%     88.13% |        7008      2.97%     91.10% |        6984      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7036      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235810                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40397      3.13%      3.13% |       40331      3.12%      6.25% |       40344      3.12%      9.38% |       40349      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40365      3.13%     18.75% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40353      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40341      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40353      3.13%     56.25% |       40350      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40350      3.13%     84.38% |       40339      3.12%     87.50% |       40337      3.12%     90.63% |       40340      3.12%     93.75% |       40355      3.13%     96.88% |       40334      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291069                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3062      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3121      2.83%     26.12% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3045      2.76%     39.44% |        3962      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.47% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.38% |        2670      2.42%     63.80% |        3265      2.96%     66.76% |        3113      2.82%     69.58% |        2970      2.69%     72.27% |        3203      2.90%     75.18% |        3274      2.97%     78.14% |        2824      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4724      4.28%     92.12% |        4674      4.24%     96.36% |        4021      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110363                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         546      3.24%      3.24% |         472      2.80%      6.05% |         473      2.81%      8.86% |         469      2.79%     11.65% |         513      3.05%     14.69% |         473      2.81%     17.50% |         510      3.03%     20.53% |         533      3.17%     23.70% |         552      3.28%     26.98% |         494      2.94%     29.92% |         541      3.21%     33.13% |         571      3.39%     36.52% |         628      3.73%     40.25% |         572      3.40%     43.65% |         584      3.47%     47.12% |         531      3.15%     50.28% |         541      3.21%     53.49% |         578      3.43%     56.92% |         572      3.40%     60.32% |         510      3.03%     63.35% |         508      3.02%     66.37% |         532      3.16%     69.53% |         493      2.93%     72.46% |         479      2.85%     75.31% |         553      3.29%     78.59% |         600      3.56%     82.16% |         543      3.23%     85.38% |         484      2.88%     88.26% |         495      2.94%     91.20% |         515      3.06%     94.26% |         493      2.93%     97.19% |         473      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16831                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       87808     41.99%     41.99% |        6762      3.23%     45.22% |        4435      2.12%     47.34% |        5261      2.52%     49.86% |        4469      2.14%     52.00% |        3062      1.46%     53.46% |        2710      1.30%     54.76% |        2717      1.30%     56.06% |        4523      2.16%     58.22% |        3288      1.57%     59.79% |        5973      2.86%     62.65% |        5110      2.44%     65.09% |        3148      1.51%     66.60% |        2921      1.40%     67.99% |        2362      1.13%     69.12% |        2748      1.31%     70.44% |        3982      1.90%     72.34% |        3125      1.49%     73.84% |        3301      1.58%     75.42% |        3713      1.78%     77.19% |        3638      1.74%     78.93% |        4077      1.95%     80.88% |        5402      2.58%     83.46% |        2970      1.42%     84.88% |        3195      1.53%     86.41% |        3748      1.79%     88.20% |        2991      1.43%     89.63% |        2753      1.32%     90.95% |        4127      1.97%     92.92% |        3203      1.53%     94.46% |        4961      2.37%     96.83% |        6631      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       25493      8.38%      8.38% |       10086      3.31%     11.69% |        6891      2.26%     13.95% |        5819      1.91%     15.86% |        5977      1.96%     17.83% |        6092      2.00%     19.83% |        4963      1.63%     21.46% |        5255      1.73%     23.19% |        7090      2.33%     25.52% |        7055      2.32%     27.83% |        7276      2.39%     30.22% |        7753      2.55%     32.77% |        6380      2.10%     34.87% |        6542      2.15%     37.02% |        6749      2.22%     39.23% |        6831      2.24%     41.48% |        7843      2.58%     44.05% |        8063      2.65%     46.70% |        9229      3.03%     49.74% |        9835      3.23%     52.97% |        9948      3.27%     56.23% |       11697      3.84%     60.08% |       11593      3.81%     63.89% |       10254      3.37%     67.25% |       10426      3.43%     70.68% |       11373      3.74%     74.42% |       10473      3.44%     77.86% |       11365      3.73%     81.59% |       12623      4.15%     85.74% |       11388      3.74%     89.48% |       17753      5.83%     95.31% |       14271      4.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       304386                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51098      3.99%      3.99% |       39624      3.10%      7.09% |       39648      3.10%     10.18% |       39642      3.10%     13.28% |       39621      3.10%     16.38% |       39627      3.10%     19.47% |       39635      3.10%     22.57% |       39638      3.10%     25.66% |       39649      3.10%     28.76% |       39647      3.10%     31.86% |       39646      3.10%     34.96% |       39657      3.10%     38.05% |       39630      3.10%     41.15% |       39640      3.10%     44.25% |       39641      3.10%     47.34% |       39628      3.10%     50.44% |       39671      3.10%     53.54% |       39654      3.10%     56.64% |       39657      3.10%     59.73% |       39656      3.10%     62.83% |       39639      3.10%     65.93% |       39664      3.10%     69.03% |       39659      3.10%     72.13% |       39652      3.10%     75.22% |       39657      3.10%     78.32% |       39656      3.10%     81.42% |       39651      3.10%     84.52% |       39642      3.10%     87.61% |       39647      3.10%     90.71% |       39633      3.10%     93.81% |       39641      3.10%     96.90% |       39636      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1280086                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6767      3.21%      3.21% |        6658      3.15%      6.36% |        6661      3.16%      9.52% |        6629      3.14%     12.66% |        6609      3.13%     15.79% |        6590      3.12%     18.91% |        6591      3.12%     22.03% |        6580      3.12%     25.15% |        6607      3.13%     28.28% |        6624      3.14%     31.41% |        6620      3.14%     34.55% |        6584      3.12%     37.67% |        6596      3.12%     40.79% |        6587      3.12%     43.91% |        6592      3.12%     47.04% |        6560      3.11%     50.14% |        6578      3.12%     53.26% |        6571      3.11%     56.37% |        6592      3.12%     59.50% |        6575      3.11%     62.61% |        6585      3.12%     65.73% |        6555      3.11%     68.84% |        6567      3.11%     71.95% |        6569      3.11%     75.06% |        6589      3.12%     78.18% |        6591      3.12%     81.30% |        6576      3.12%     84.42% |        6555      3.11%     87.52% |        6593      3.12%     90.65% |        6585      3.12%     93.76% |        6560      3.11%     96.87% |        6602      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211098                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172210      8.45%      8.45% |       64169      3.15%     11.60% |       58665      2.88%     14.48% |       58384      2.87%     17.34% |       57704      2.83%     20.18% |       56401      2.77%     22.94% |       54930      2.70%     25.64% |       55217      2.71%     28.35% |       58897      2.89%     31.24% |       57643      2.83%     34.07% |       60546      2.97%     37.04% |       60133      2.95%     39.99% |       56789      2.79%     42.78% |       56720      2.78%     45.56% |       56376      2.77%     48.33% |       56795      2.79%     51.12% |       59101      2.90%     54.02% |       58442      2.87%     56.88% |       59819      2.94%     59.82% |       60805      2.98%     62.80% |       60836      2.99%     65.79% |       63022      3.09%     68.88% |       64252      3.15%     72.04% |       60474      2.97%     75.00% |       60899      2.99%     77.99% |       62401      3.06%     81.06% |       60723      2.98%     84.04% |       61343      3.01%     87.05% |       64015      3.14%     90.19% |       61837      3.03%     93.22% |       69945      3.43%     96.65% |       68172      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2037665                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.33%      3.33% |           2      3.33%      6.67% |           6     10.00%     16.67% |           4      6.67%     23.33% |           1      1.67%     25.00% |           3      5.00%     30.00% |           2      3.33%     33.33% |           4      6.67%     40.00% |           2      3.33%     43.33% |           1      1.67%     45.00% |           3      5.00%     50.00% |           1      1.67%     51.67% |           1      1.67%     53.33% |           1      1.67%     55.00% |           1      1.67%     56.67% |           1      1.67%     58.33% |           1      1.67%     60.00% |           1      1.67%     61.67% |           2      3.33%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2      3.33%     68.33% |           1      1.67%     70.00% |           1      1.67%     71.67% |           0      0.00%     71.67% |           1      1.67%     73.33% |           3      5.00%     78.33% |           2      3.33%     81.67% |           2      3.33%     85.00% |           2      3.33%     88.33% |           2      3.33%     91.67% |           5      8.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         100      4.90%      4.90% |          78      3.82%      8.72% |          76      3.72%     12.44% |          61      2.99%     15.43% |          80      3.92%     19.34% |          85      4.16%     23.51% |          59      2.89%     26.40% |          59      2.89%     29.29% |          81      3.97%     33.25% |          59      2.89%     36.14% |          80      3.92%     40.06% |          59      2.89%     42.95% |          59      2.89%     45.84% |          58      2.84%     48.68% |          60      2.94%     51.62% |          54      2.64%     54.26% |          53      2.60%     56.86% |          54      2.64%     59.50% |          57      2.79%     62.29% |          56      2.74%     65.03% |          55      2.69%     67.73% |          54      2.64%     70.37% |          57      2.79%     73.16% |          59      2.89%     76.05% |          60      2.94%     78.99% |          59      2.89%     81.88% |          55      2.69%     84.57% |          58      2.84%     87.41% |          58      2.84%     90.25% |          58      2.84%     93.10% |          64      3.13%     96.23% |          77      3.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2042                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     34.38%     34.38% |           0      0.00%     34.38% |           0      0.00%     34.38% |           0      0.00%     34.38% |          10     31.25%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |           0      0.00%     65.62% |          10     31.25%     96.88% |           0      0.00%     96.88% |           1      3.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58605      3.88%      3.88% |       46864      3.10%      6.98% |       46889      3.10%     10.08% |       46830      3.10%     13.18% |       46846      3.10%     16.28% |       46803      3.10%     19.38% |       46821      3.10%     22.48% |       46838      3.10%     25.58% |       46915      3.10%     28.68% |       46850      3.10%     31.79% |       46914      3.10%     34.89% |       46895      3.10%     37.99% |       46938      3.11%     41.10% |       46881      3.10%     44.20% |       46902      3.10%     47.31% |       46797      3.10%     50.40% |       46867      3.10%     53.51% |       46882      3.10%     56.61% |       46904      3.10%     59.71% |       46821      3.10%     62.81% |       46811      3.10%     65.91% |       46832      3.10%     69.01% |       46801      3.10%     72.11% |       46783      3.10%     75.20% |       46883      3.10%     78.31% |       46932      3.11%     81.41% |       46853      3.10%     84.51% |       46764      3.09%     87.61% |       46819      3.10%     90.71% |       46817      3.10%     93.81% |       46785      3.10%     96.90% |       46818      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510960                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     67.09%     67.09% |           0      0.00%     67.09% |           4      5.06%     72.15% |           1      1.27%     73.42% |           1      1.27%     74.68% |           2      2.53%     77.22% |           1      1.27%     78.48% |           1      1.27%     79.75% |           0      0.00%     79.75% |           0      0.00%     79.75% |           1      1.27%     81.01% |           0      0.00%     81.01% |           0      0.00%     81.01% |           0      0.00%     81.01% |           0      0.00%     81.01% |           0      0.00%     81.01% |           0      0.00%     81.01% |           0      0.00%     81.01% |           1      1.27%     82.28% |           0      0.00%     82.28% |           0      0.00%     82.28% |           2      2.53%     84.81% |           1      1.27%     86.08% |           0      0.00%     86.08% |           0      0.00%     86.08% |           1      1.27%     87.34% |           2      2.53%     89.87% |           2      2.53%     92.41% |           2      2.53%     94.94% |           2      2.53%     97.47% |           2      2.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           79                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           2      5.71%     20.00% |           3      8.57%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      2.86%     31.43% |           1      2.86%     34.29% |           3      8.57%     42.86% |           2      5.71%     48.57% |           1      2.86%     51.43% |           2      5.71%     57.14% |           1      2.86%     60.00% |           1      2.86%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           0      0.00%     82.86% |           0      0.00%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           5     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           5     71.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           8      5.06%      5.06% |           2      1.27%      6.33% |          10      6.33%     12.66% |           9      5.70%     18.35% |          24     15.19%     33.54% |          23     14.56%     48.10% |           1      0.63%     48.73% |           3      1.90%     50.63% |           9      5.70%     56.33% |           1      0.63%     56.96% |           5      3.16%     60.13% |           3      1.90%     62.03% |           3      1.90%     63.92% |           0      0.00%     63.92% |           0      0.00%     63.92% |           0      0.00%     63.92% |           2      1.27%     65.19% |           3      1.90%     67.09% |           6      3.80%     70.89% |           3      1.90%     72.78% |           1      0.63%     73.42% |           3      1.90%     75.32% |           2      1.27%     76.58% |           2      1.27%     77.85% |           4      2.53%     80.38% |           3      1.90%     82.28% |           3      1.90%     84.18% |           5      3.16%     87.34% |           5      3.16%     90.51% |           5      3.16%     93.67% |           9      5.70%     99.37% |           1      0.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          158                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          92      4.88%      4.88% |          76      4.03%      8.92% |          66      3.50%     12.42% |          52      2.76%     15.18% |          56      2.97%     18.15% |          62      3.29%     21.44% |          58      3.08%     24.52% |          56      2.97%     27.49% |          72      3.82%     31.32% |          58      3.08%     34.39% |          75      3.98%     38.38% |          56      2.97%     41.35% |          56      2.97%     44.32% |          58      3.08%     47.40% |          60      3.18%     50.58% |          54      2.87%     53.45% |          51      2.71%     56.16% |          51      2.71%     58.86% |          51      2.71%     61.57% |          53      2.81%     64.38% |          54      2.87%     67.25% |          51      2.71%     69.96% |          55      2.92%     72.88% |          57      3.03%     75.90% |          56      2.97%     78.87% |          56      2.97%     81.85% |          52      2.76%     84.61% |          53      2.81%     87.42% |          53      2.81%     90.23% |          53      2.81%     93.05% |          55      2.92%     95.97% |          76      4.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1884                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         546      3.24%      3.24% |         472      2.80%      6.05% |         473      2.81%      8.86% |         469      2.79%     11.65% |         513      3.05%     14.69% |         473      2.81%     17.50% |         510      3.03%     20.53% |         533      3.17%     23.70% |         552      3.28%     26.98% |         494      2.94%     29.92% |         541      3.21%     33.13% |         571      3.39%     36.52% |         628      3.73%     40.25% |         572      3.40%     43.65% |         584      3.47%     47.12% |         531      3.15%     50.28% |         541      3.21%     53.49% |         578      3.43%     56.92% |         572      3.40%     60.32% |         510      3.03%     63.35% |         508      3.02%     66.37% |         532      3.16%     69.53% |         493      2.93%     72.46% |         479      2.85%     75.31% |         553      3.29%     78.59% |         600      3.56%     82.16% |         543      3.23%     85.38% |         484      2.88%     88.26% |         495      2.94%     91.20% |         515      3.06%     94.26% |         493      2.93%     97.19% |         473      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16831                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18686      7.92%      7.92% |        7083      3.00%     10.93% |        7096      3.01%     13.94% |        7036      2.98%     16.92% |        7004      2.97%     19.89% |        6991      2.96%     22.86% |        6998      2.97%     25.82% |        6993      2.97%     28.79% |        7033      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7069      3.00%     37.75% |        6990      2.96%     40.72% |        6993      2.97%     43.68% |        6995      2.97%     46.65% |        6999      2.97%     49.62% |        6958      2.95%     52.57% |        6996      2.97%     55.53% |        6974      2.96%     58.49% |        7007      2.97%     61.46% |        6986      2.96%     64.42% |        6985      2.96%     67.39% |        6969      2.96%     70.34% |        6995      2.97%     73.31% |        6988      2.96%     76.27% |        7008      2.97%     79.24% |        7010      2.97%     82.22% |        6985      2.96%     85.18% |        6963      2.95%     88.13% |        7008      2.97%     91.10% |        6984      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7036      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235810                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         546      3.24%      3.24% |         474      2.81%      6.05% |         473      2.81%      8.86% |         469      2.78%     11.64% |         513      3.04%     14.69% |         471      2.80%     17.48% |         508      3.02%     20.50% |         533      3.16%     23.66% |         553      3.28%     26.95% |         497      2.95%     29.89% |         540      3.20%     33.10% |         571      3.39%     36.49% |         628      3.73%     40.22% |         572      3.39%     43.61% |         586      3.48%     47.09% |         533      3.16%     50.25% |         543      3.22%     53.47% |         579      3.44%     56.91% |         571      3.39%     60.30% |         514      3.05%     63.35% |         510      3.03%     66.38% |         533      3.16%     69.54% |         491      2.91%     72.46% |         478      2.84%     75.29% |         552      3.28%     78.57% |         601      3.57%     82.14% |         542      3.22%     85.35% |         486      2.88%     88.24% |         498      2.96%     91.19% |         517      3.07%     94.26% |         495      2.94%     97.20% |         472      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16849                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40397      3.13%      3.13% |       40331      3.12%      6.25% |       40344      3.12%      9.38% |       40349      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40365      3.13%     18.75% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40353      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40341      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40353      3.13%     56.25% |       40350      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40350      3.13%     84.38% |       40339      3.12%     87.50% |       40337      3.12%     90.63% |       40340      3.12%     93.75% |       40355      3.13%     96.88% |       40334      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291069                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      172384      8.45%      8.45% |       64262      3.15%     11.60% |       58766      2.88%     14.48% |       58465      2.87%     17.34% |       57803      2.83%     20.18% |       56510      2.77%     22.95% |       55010      2.70%     25.64% |       55301      2.71%     28.35% |       58999      2.89%     31.24% |       57720      2.83%     34.07% |       60647      2.97%     37.05% |       60211      2.95%     40.00% |       56862      2.79%     42.78% |       56796      2.78%     45.57% |       56451      2.77%     48.33% |       56867      2.79%     51.12% |       59173      2.90%     54.02% |       58515      2.87%     56.89% |       59887      2.94%     59.82% |       60879      2.98%     62.81% |       60911      2.99%     65.79% |       63097      3.09%     68.89% |       64329      3.15%     72.04% |       60553      2.97%     75.01% |       60976      2.99%     77.99% |       62476      3.06%     81.06% |       60799      2.98%     84.04% |       61420      3.01%     87.05% |       64095      3.14%     90.19% |       61915      3.03%     93.22% |       70028      3.43%     96.65% |       68272      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2040379                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total            2                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      120292     20.95%     20.95% |      287150     50.00%     70.95% |      166858     29.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       574300                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      120292     20.95%     20.95% |      287150     50.00%     70.95% |      166858     29.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       574300                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      120292     20.95%     20.95% |      287150     50.00%     70.95% |      166858     29.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       574300                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      120292     20.95%     20.95% |      287150     50.00%     70.95% |      166858     29.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       574300                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
