
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.124104                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                124103978000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5300272056500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  96082                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   156299                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               98849005                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4815076                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1255.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   120630113                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     196232081                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14071040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          14071040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0      4014208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total        4014208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       219860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             219860                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0        62722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total             62722                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    113381055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            113381055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     32345522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            32345522                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    145726578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           145726578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     219860                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                     62722                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   219860                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                   62722                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              14068608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2432                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                4014080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               14071040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys             4014208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    38                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            13467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            14091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            13746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            14064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            13728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            14279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            13784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            13696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            13648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            13924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           13678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           13837                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           13385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           13317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           13598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           13580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0             3854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1             3937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2             3908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3             4133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4             3923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5             4079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6             3987                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7             3968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8             3819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9             4095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10            3828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11            3793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12            3724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13            3770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14            4024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15            3878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 124103486500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               219860                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6               62722                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 218799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  12513                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  12544                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  12551                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  12541                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  12527                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                     40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        63609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   284.266692                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   189.914909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   277.298144                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17826     28.02%     28.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16875     26.53%     54.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16410     25.80%     80.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2570      4.04%     84.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1797      2.83%     87.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1253      1.97%     89.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1079      1.70%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          902      1.42%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4897      7.70%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        63609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.397938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    86.893731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        12203     97.53%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           67      0.54%     98.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           54      0.43%     98.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           37      0.30%     98.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639          136      1.09%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.02%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            3      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        12512                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12512                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.012788                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.010539                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.187524                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          12404     99.14%     99.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::6-7             99      0.79%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-9              3      0.02%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::10-11            3      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-13            2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::14-15            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        12512                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1474594250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             5596256750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1099110000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                     6708.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               25458.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      113.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       32.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   113.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    32.35                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  177030                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  41895                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                80.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               66.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    439176.90                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   77.48                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   14842071250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     4143880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   105111846750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              246146040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              234707760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              134305875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              128064750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0             864583200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1             849895800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            205992720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            200432880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         8105429280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         8105429280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        47807990190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        46942769520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        32521674000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        33280639500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          89886121305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          89741939490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          724.318477                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          723.156635                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     13890368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          13890368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1      3845760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total        3845760                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       217037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             217037                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1        60090                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total             60090                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    111925244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            111925244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1     30988209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            30988209                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    142913453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           142913453                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     217037                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                     60090                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   217037                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                   60090                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              13888576                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                3845632                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               13890368                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys             3845760                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            13293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            13925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            13600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            13893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            13586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            14132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            13593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            13540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            13495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            13747                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           13470                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           13660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           13211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           13133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           13297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           13434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0             3696                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1             3783                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2             3808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3             3979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4             3767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5             3928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6             3807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7             3791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8             3663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9             3896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10            3683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11            3615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12            3566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13            3597                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14            3797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15            3712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        2                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 124103227500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               217037                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6               60090                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 215857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                     96                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  11989                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  12019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  12025                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  12018                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  11998                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        58572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   302.757632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.107329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   283.290351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13557     23.15%     23.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        16332     27.88%     51.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16081     27.46%     78.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2621      4.47%     82.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1760      3.00%     85.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1293      2.21%     88.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1031      1.76%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          924      1.58%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4973      8.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        58572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.924007                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    88.134887                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11692     97.53%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           59      0.49%     98.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           43      0.36%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           31      0.26%     98.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639          147      1.23%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            3      0.03%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            2      0.02%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            4      0.03%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        11988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.012346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.010466                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.165461                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          11876     99.07%     99.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::6-7            105      0.88%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-9              2      0.02%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::10-11            4      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-13            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        11988                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1382148000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             5451066750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1085045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     6369.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               25119.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      111.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       30.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   111.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    30.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  176463                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  42054                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                81.32                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               69.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    447820.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   78.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15198161000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     4143880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   104755887500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              228206160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              214590600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              124517250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              117088125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0             854482200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1             838047600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            198022320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            191347920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         8105429280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         8105429280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        47247113610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        46071895590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        33013671000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        34044564000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          89771441820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          89582963115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          723.394370                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          721.875574                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     13891712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          13891712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2      3850240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total        3850240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       217058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             217058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2        60160                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total             60160                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    111936073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            111936073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2     31024308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total            31024308                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    142960381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           142960381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     217058                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                     60160                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   217058                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                   60160                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              13890112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                3849984                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               13891712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys             3850240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            13291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            13923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            13623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            13919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            13582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            14118                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            13536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            13556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            13490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            13738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           13478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           13719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           13205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           13076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           13313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           13466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0             3689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1             3779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2             3803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3             3992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4             3766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5             3918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6             3816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7             3823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8             3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9             3904                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10            3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11            3625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12            3575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13            3602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14            3807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15            3727                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 124103260000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               217058                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6               60160                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 216052                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                    833                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                     99                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                     21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  12007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  12030                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  12033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  12033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  12019                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                     33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples        58618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   302.620492                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   205.780720                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   283.213558                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13737     23.43%     23.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        15903     27.13%     50.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16305     27.82%     78.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2629      4.48%     82.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1850      3.16%     86.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1268      2.16%     88.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1023      1.75%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          926      1.58%     91.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4977      8.49%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total        58618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     17.951024                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    87.771139                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11706     97.50%     97.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           67      0.56%     98.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           38      0.32%     98.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           35      0.29%     98.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639          144      1.20%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      0.01%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            4      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            5      0.04%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2431            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        12006                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.010495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.008764                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.161387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          11918     99.27%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::6-7             79      0.66%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-9              6      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::10-11            2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::14-15            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        12006                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                  1424746500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat             5494115250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1085165000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                     6564.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               25314.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      111.92                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                       31.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   111.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                    31.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  176476                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                  42086                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                81.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               69.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    447673.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   78.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15213895250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     4143880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   104739751000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              228659760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              214484760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              124764750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              117030375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0             854373000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1             838344000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            198197280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            191613600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         8105429280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         8105429280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        47191141890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        46227172140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        33062769000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        33908356500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          89765334960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          89602430655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          723.345159                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          722.032447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     13874432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          13874432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3      3842816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total        3842816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       216788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             216788                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3        60044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total             60044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    111796835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            111796835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3     30964487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total            30964487                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    142761322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           142761322                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     216789                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                     60044                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   216789                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                   60044                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              13873152                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                   1344                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                3842752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               13874496                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys             3842816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    21                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            13265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            13942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            13564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            13899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            13512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            14099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            13565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            13517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            13484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            13714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           13519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           13670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           13200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           13088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           13327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           13403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0             3694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1             3773                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2             3766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3             3975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4             3764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5             3913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6             3813                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7             3782                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8             3662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9             3919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10            3665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11            3639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12            3573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13            3596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14            3805                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15            3704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 124103232500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               216789                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6               60044                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 215776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                    850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                     97                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                     22                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  11982                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  12007                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  12009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  12010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  11991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples        58325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   303.729241                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   206.916176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   283.455541                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13459     23.08%     23.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        15957     27.36%     50.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        16268     27.89%     78.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2589      4.44%     82.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1884      3.23%     86.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1220      2.09%     88.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1043      1.79%     89.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          940      1.61%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         4965      8.51%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total        58325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     18.026208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    89.141412                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        11694     97.60%     97.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           48      0.40%     98.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           34      0.28%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           28      0.23%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639          158      1.32%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.02%     99.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.02%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            5      0.04%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.02%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            2      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1664-1791            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        11981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.011518                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.009716                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     0.163540                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-5          11880     99.16%     99.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::6-7             94      0.78%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-9              3      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::10-11            3      0.03%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::14-15            1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        11981                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                  1449414000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat             5513814000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1083840000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                     6686.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               25436.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      111.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                       30.96                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   111.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                    30.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        1.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  176340                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                  42141                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                81.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    448296.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   78.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   14979402500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     4143880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   104974377000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              227162880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              213774120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              123948000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              116642625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0             852961200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1             837720000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            197510400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            191568240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         8105429280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         8105429280                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        47089985130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        46057023720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        33151503000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        34057609500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          89748499890                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          89579767485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          723.209499                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          721.849823                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1143                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1398                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1398                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               234                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              234                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1616                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1060                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4110                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5046                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              500000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              506540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              124540                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1842000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          381                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1560576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          381                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                7492433                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 25.505922                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                23.200589                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                11.148035                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     7490197     99.97%     99.97% |        1993      0.03%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  7492433                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     62723609                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.510372                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.372941                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.738132                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    61867772     98.64%     98.64% |      850317      1.36%     99.99% |        3783      0.01%    100.00% |         957      0.00%    100.00% |         388      0.00%    100.00% |          57      0.00%    100.00% |          79      0.00%    100.00% |          92      0.00%    100.00% |         164      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      62723609                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            62723606                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               6.297283                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.237541                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             26.390006                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    62646004     99.88%     99.88% |       64666      0.10%     99.98% |       11788      0.02%    100.00% |        1117      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              62723606                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        61496790                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000076                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000066                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.008724                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    61492117     99.99%     99.99% |        4672      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          61496790                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        1226816                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        171.576854                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       147.450249                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        88.001762                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1149214     93.67%     93.67% |       64666      5.27%     98.95% |       11788      0.96%     99.91% |        1117      0.09%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          1226816                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    31343104                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                     994048                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         824257                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       824257                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     44785419                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       442678                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     45228097                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     15909741                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126008                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     16035749                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       111931                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        23172                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        53385                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      4678814                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        45350                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           76                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           76                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits       801630                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       658057                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      1459687                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles         3141                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits        52684                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        29931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        82615                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        10354                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        27122                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        37476                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        11188                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        27197                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        38385                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits         9973                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        27111                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        37084                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits         9179                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        27178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        36357                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits         9106                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        27163                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        36269                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits         8745                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        27103                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        35848                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits         8490                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        27102                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        35592                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        11463                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        27150                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        38613                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits         9452                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        27138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        36590                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits         9756                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        27114                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        36870                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits         9022                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        27038                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        36060                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits         9318                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        27236                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        36554                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits         9174                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        27077                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        36251                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits         9259                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        27113                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        36372                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits         9625                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        27117                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        36742                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits         8492                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        27107                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        35599                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        10304                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        27138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        37442                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits         9096                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        27172                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        36268                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits         9158                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        27147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        36305                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits         9642                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        27075                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        36717                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        10180                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        27120                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        37300                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        10191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        27066                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        37257                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits         9536                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        27143                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        36679                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        12421                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        27076                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        39497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        13427                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        27125                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        40552                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits         9730                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        27111                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        36841                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits         9298                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        27101                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        36399                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits         8776                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        27072                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        35848                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits         7996                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        27089                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        35085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        10535                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        27135                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        37670                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        10513                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        27167                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        37680                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     10995873                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     10995873                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11055023                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10995873                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5033413                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5032757                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     10995873                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.044301                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      4927584                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      4927584                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4928532                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4927584                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3302499                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3302492                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      4927584                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.019853                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9877619                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9877619                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9886175                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9877619                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5719237                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5718983                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9877619                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.039796                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      4141653                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      4141653                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4142224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4141653                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2628559                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2628549                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      4141653                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.016686                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      2564785                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      2564785                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2565132                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2564785                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1337681                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1337677                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      2564785                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.010333                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      2762394                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      2762394                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2762834                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2762394                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1485883                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1485878                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      2762394                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.011129                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      5079419                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      5079419                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5090487                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5079419                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1818218                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1818083                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      5079419                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.020464                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      2454896                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      2454896                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2455303                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2454896                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity       968687                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity       968680                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      2454896                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.009890                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      1889474                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      1889474                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1889686                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1889474                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1031684                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1031682                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      1889474                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.007612                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      1592722                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      1592722                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1592960                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1592722                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity       817115                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity       817114                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      1592722                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.006417                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      1557108                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      1557108                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1557246                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1557108                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity       683032                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity       683032                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      1557108                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.006273                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      2016414                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      2016414                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2016514                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2016414                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1050035                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1050034                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      2016414                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.008124                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      1896687                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      1896687                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1896775                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1896687                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity       916633                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity       916631                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      1896687                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.007642                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      1680552                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      1680552                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1680714                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1680552                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity       713364                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity       713364                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      1680551                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.006771                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads       885396                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes       885396                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity       885513                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity       885396                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       395938                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       395936                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity       885396                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.003567                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      1334153                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      1334153                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1334925                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1334153                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity       622955                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity       622949                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      1334153                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.005375                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      2358720                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      2358720                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2361442                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2358720                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity       929792                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity       929756                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      2358720                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.009503                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      1487784                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      1487784                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1488482                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1487784                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity       646064                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity       646060                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      1487784                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.005994                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      1437396                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      1437396                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1437887                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1437396                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity       684755                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity       684752                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      1437396                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.005791                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads       893984                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes       893984                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity       894043                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity       893984                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       399497                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       399496                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity       893984                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.003602                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1009524                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1009524                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1009554                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1009524                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       564276                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       564276                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1009524                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.004067                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads       981120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes       981120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity       981126                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity       981120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity       535548                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity       535548                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity       981120                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.003953                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads       920884                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes       920884                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity       920888                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity       920884                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       445840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       445840                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity       920884                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.003710                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads       593073                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes       593073                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity       593073                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity       593073                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       274841                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       274841                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity       593073                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.002389                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads       969763                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes       969763                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity       969763                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity       969763                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       520019                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       520019                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity       969763                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.003907                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads       966371                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes       966371                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity       966374                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity       966371                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity       522479                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity       522479                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity       966371                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.003893                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads       906560                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes       906560                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity       906562                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity       906560                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       433108                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       433108                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity       906560                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.003652                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads       599593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes       599593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity       599593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity       599593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       276341                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       276341                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity       599593                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.002416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      3940565                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      3940565                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3941828                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3940565                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2051821                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2051805                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      3940565                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.015876                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      4044574                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      4044574                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4045482                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4044574                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2125660                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2125646                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      4044574                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.016295                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      3331534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      3331534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3332405                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3331534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1456162                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1456150                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      3331534                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.013422                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      3483480                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      3483480                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3484526                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3483480                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1561654                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1561636                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      3483480                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.014035                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |     6401208     29.49%     29.49% |    14183927     65.35%     94.85% |     1118190      5.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     21703325                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |     6401210     29.49%     29.49% |    14183928     65.35%     94.85% |     1118190      5.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     21703328                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   156456504                       |   335274086                       |    25528589                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |    15569204                       |    45650978                       |     1118190                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   24.441715                       |   23.637607                       |   22.830278                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |    2.432229                       |    3.218501                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    23.833177                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     2.872296                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         26.705473                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.001377                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.030253      7.13%      7.13% |    0.030350      7.16%     14.29% |    0.030237      7.13%     21.42% |    0.030298      7.14%     28.56% |    0.069934     16.49%     45.05% |    0.069941     16.49%     61.53% |    0.069941     16.49%     78.02% |    0.069959     16.49%     94.51% |    0.005815      1.37%     95.89% |    0.005818      1.37%     97.26% |    0.005817      1.37%     98.63% |    0.005816      1.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.424181                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.010523                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.010939                       |    0.000001                       |    0.008509                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002371                       |    0.001215                       |    0.001196                       |    0.001198                       |    0.001201                       |    0.001188                       |    0.001176                       |    0.001160                       |    0.001222                       |    0.001215                       |    0.001238                       |    0.001206                       |    0.001190                       |    0.001185                       |    0.001175                       |    0.001170                       |    0.001242                       |    0.001193                       |    0.001202                       |    0.001183                       |    0.001188                       |    0.001190                       |    0.001199                       |    0.001172                       |    0.001216                       |    0.001187                       |    0.001190                       |    0.001193                       |    0.001211                       |    0.001204                       |    0.001259                       |    0.001287                       |    0.005308                       |    0.005239                       |    0.005239                       |    0.005233                       |    0.000099                       |           0                       |    0.000302                       |    0.003625                       |    0.003323                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001239                       |    0.000100                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001287                       |    0.001441                       |           0                       |    0.001255                       |           0                       |    0.002406                       |    0.002509                       |    0.001443                       |           0                       |    0.001254                       |    0.002679                       |           0                       |    0.004776                       |    0.005376                       |    0.001791                       |    0.015905                       |    0.001239                       |    0.003323                       |    0.005150                       |    0.008910                       |    0.005269                       |           0                       |    0.001231                       |           0                       |    0.005182                       |    0.004853                       |    0.005420                       |           0                       |    0.001225                       |    0.002614                       |           0                       |    0.005612                       |    0.004730                       |    0.002115                       |           0                       |    0.001235                       |           0                       |    0.002422                       |    0.002370                       |    0.002097                       |           0                       |    0.001249                       |           0                       |    0.001216                       |    0.001443                       |           0                       |    0.001229                       |           0                       |    0.000375                       |    0.001190                       |    0.001160                       |           0                       |    0.001231                       |           0                       |    0.000327                       |    0.001273                       |    0.002405                       |    0.001180                       |           0                       |    0.001241                       |           0                       |    0.001698                       |    0.002569                       |    0.003283                       |    0.001542                       |    0.013297                       |    0.002026                       |    0.000302                       |    0.016209                       |    0.004612                       |    0.006020                       |    0.001835                       |    0.000002                       |    0.001240                       |    0.003625                       |    0.000966                       |    0.007436                       |    0.004802                       |    0.001782                       |           0                       |    0.001221                       |           0                       |    0.002577                       |    0.002918                       |    0.002515                       |    0.001897                       |           0                       |    0.001236                       |           0                       |    0.000972                       |    0.002378                       |    0.001263                       |    0.001793                       |           0                       |    0.001225                       |           0                       |    0.000321                       |    0.001187                       |    0.001160                       |           0                       |    0.001245                       |           0                       |    0.000049                       |    0.001199                       |    0.001218                       |           0                       |    0.001265                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001352                       |    0.002437                       |    0.001220                       |           0                       |    0.001283                       |    0.002615                       |           0                       |    0.000324                       |    0.002656                       |    0.005333                       |    0.001211                       |           0                       |    0.001219                       |           0                       |    0.014702                       |    0.001974                       |    0.001304                       |    0.001266                       |           0                       |    0.001210                       |           0                       |    0.000653                       |    0.005178                       |    0.001627                       |    0.001223                       |           0                       |    0.001285                       |    0.002611                       |           0                       |    0.000647                       |    0.005645                       |    0.002604                       |    0.001243                       |           0                       |    0.001216                       |           0                       |    0.000651                       |    0.002375                       |    0.001303                       |    0.001226                       |           0                       |    0.001240                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001190                       |    0.001222                       |           0                       |    0.001218                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001172                       |           0                       |    0.001220                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002347                       |           0                       |    0.001211                       |           0                       |    0.000971                       |           0                       |    0.003194                       |           0                       |    0.001266                       |           0                       |    0.006943                       |    0.000648                       |    0.000647                       |           0                       |    0.001223                       |           0                       |    0.000000                       |    0.003801                       |    0.000970                       |           0                       |    0.001243                       |           0                       |    0.001616                       |    0.002932                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001226                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002376                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001222                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.001193                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.424181                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        16419685                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     16419685                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       342217                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11727212                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11096519                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.621970                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS         3532595                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29540                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             34675378                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              53623                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            32242777                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses             45324                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         34729001                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        32288101                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  66918155                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                   98947                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              67017102                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             16042940                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9888                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         16052828                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  16042940                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9888                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              16052828                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                241379583                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     51252387                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts              129046209                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            16419685                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     14629114                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             184867304                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          760702                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             145412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       166137                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       250158                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3322                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       333481                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          16042264                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        138940                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3961                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    237398552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.900240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.221713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        197102553     83.03%     83.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3092221      1.30%     84.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2916503      1.23%     85.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          5465367      2.30%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          5431739      2.29%     90.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1429899      0.60%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          7300692      3.08%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7          1562850      0.66%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         13096728      5.52%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    237398552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.068024                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.534619                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         15780143                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     194115502                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6554360                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      20568189                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         380351                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      207953680                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         380351                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         21363341                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       112470125                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles      6542785                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          19838310                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      76803633                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      206535262                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65398                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       50217868                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         357688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       20634632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    190948252                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     480567310                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    341266027                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          136                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     178424592                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         12523645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       177928                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       180242                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         112047630                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads     27125434                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     32469776                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     16575521                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     15802396                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          201667963                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3447839                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         210385174                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172923                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      7853679                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12132984                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        63487                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    237398552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.886211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.361878                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    134159545     56.51%     56.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     55494285     23.38%     79.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15169469      6.39%     86.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     16879566      7.11%     93.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7317107      3.08%     96.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6357867      2.68%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1485193      0.63%     99.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       339828      0.14%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       195692      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    237398552                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          181388     20.18%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         632890     70.40%     90.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         84708      9.42%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       274154      0.13%      0.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     142878146     67.91%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28243      0.01%     68.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52387      0.02%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     34817457     16.55%     84.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     32334787     15.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      210385174                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.871595                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt              898986                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.004273                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    659240714                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    212977455                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    201440130                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           95                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          252                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           36                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      211009958                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              48                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     13537648                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1161524                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2698                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8377                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       524109                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8393578                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         380351                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        22128883                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      38828095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    205115802                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        97753                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      27125434                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     32469776                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      3438628                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        4115901                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      33448101                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8377                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       179768                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       214925                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       394693                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     209804716                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      34666331                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       482019                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             66923911                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         14850808                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           32257580                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.869190                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              201521313                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             201440166                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers         119153040                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         235757999                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.834537                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.505404                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8870640                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      3384352                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       355577                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235999404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.831494                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.931195                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174016735     73.74%     73.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27511648     11.66%     85.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7166023      3.04%     88.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5250168      2.22%     90.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5433159      2.30%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      4873912      2.07%     95.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       481440      0.20%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       483508      0.20%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10782811      4.57%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235999404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts    120630112                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      196232078                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               57909572                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads              25963906                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5818                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           14467253                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         195857143                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      3452680                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       159506      0.08%      0.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    138085081     70.37%     70.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        27040      0.01%     70.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50879      0.03%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     25963906     13.23%     83.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     31945666     16.28%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    196232078                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      10782811                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            430244572                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           411611044                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87027                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3981031                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6827941                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           120630112                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             196232078                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.000989                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.000989                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.499753                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.499753                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        348994343                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       154001896                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                36                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          46505874                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         30215981                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        94018972                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         169906                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean              75005650000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            75005649999.999985                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-4.29497e+09               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-1.28849e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.28849e+10-1.71799e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.71799e+10-2.14748e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+10-2.57698e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.57698e+10-3.00648e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.00648e+10-3.43597e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.43597e+10-3.86547e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.86547e+10-4.29497e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+10-4.72446e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.72446e+10-5.15396e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.15396e+10-5.58346e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.58346e+10-6.01295e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.01295e+10-6.44245e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+10-6.87195e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.87195e+10-7.30144e+10            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.30144e+10-7.73094e+10            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.73094e+10-8.16044e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.16044e+10-8.58993e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       3423563                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        26.116177                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       23.439189                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.999420                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     3421327     99.93%     99.93% |        1993      0.06%     99.99% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         3423563                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       4050868                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.005777                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.012556                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.284643                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      640475     15.81%     15.81% |     2215713     54.70%     70.51% |     1174122     28.98%     99.49% |       20536      0.51%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         4050868                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18002                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        21.993723                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.687239                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.092907                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         651      3.62%      3.62% |        2134     11.85%     15.47% |        8475     47.08%     62.55% |        3962     22.01%     84.56% |        2778     15.43%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18002                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         14515978                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           13.238605                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.748541                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          46.568535                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |    14463736     99.64%     99.64% |       42561      0.29%     99.93% |        8745      0.06%     99.99% |         910      0.01%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           14515978                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples     13712190                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000206                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000178                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.014372                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13709365     99.98%     99.98% |        2824      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total       13712190                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       803788                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     187.900168                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    167.406263                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     82.881526                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      751546     93.50%     93.50% |       42561      5.30%     98.80% |        8745      1.09%     99.88% |         910      0.11%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        803788                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         32013432                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            4.459120                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.105568                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          17.523130                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    31824233     99.41%     99.41% |      166987      0.52%     99.93% |       18931      0.06%     99.99% |         304      0.00%     99.99% |        1296      0.00%     99.99% |        1491      0.00%    100.00% |         183      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           32013432                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     31725917                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000054                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000047                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.007369                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    31724194     99.99%     99.99% |        1723      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       31725917                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       287515                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     165.460126                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    140.851803                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     89.629640                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |       98316     34.20%     34.20% |      166987     58.08%     92.27% |       18931      6.58%     98.86% |         304      0.11%     98.96% |        1296      0.45%     99.42% |        1491      0.52%     99.93% |         183      0.06%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        287515                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     16035747                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.658130                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.077231                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       9.020593                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    16020466     99.90%     99.90% |       12603      0.08%     99.98% |        2394      0.01%    100.00% |          48      0.00%    100.00% |         104      0.00%    100.00% |         118      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       16035747                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     15909741                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000251                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    15909740    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     15909741                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126006                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.754797                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.196420                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.272748                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      110725     87.87%     87.87% |       12603     10.00%     97.87% |        2394      1.90%     99.77% |          48      0.04%     99.81% |         104      0.08%     99.90% |         118      0.09%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126006                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       157141                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      8.898162                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.661105                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    30.638324                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      155057     98.67%     98.67% |        1614      1.03%     99.70% |         409      0.26%     99.96% |          19      0.01%     99.97% |          20      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       157141                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       147664                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000840                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000725                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.028966                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      147540     99.92%     99.92% |         124      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       147664                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples         9477                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   100.786114                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    81.211617                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    81.118900                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |        7393     78.01%     78.01% |        1614     17.03%     95.04% |         409      4.32%     99.36% |          19      0.20%     99.56% |          20      0.21%     99.77% |          14      0.15%     99.92% |           8      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total         9477                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.359327                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.450811                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.654853                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.41%     95.41% |          20      3.06%     98.47% |           5      0.76%     99.24% |           0      0.00%     99.24% |           0      0.00%     99.24% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    76.233333                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    63.468662                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    58.353668                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20     66.67%     66.67% |           5     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           3     10.00%     93.33% |           1      3.33%     96.67% |           1      3.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           30                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         654    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          654                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         654    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          654                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        11639                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time       507136                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        63425                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    17987                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   438096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    59951                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   871879                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    60098                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                    445                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   5328                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                    465                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   5433                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                    318                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                     5812                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                      106                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                      114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                       19                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                       21                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                18432                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               443424                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                60416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               877312                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                60416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  326888                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140246458580167                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140246460138222                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 1602561                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                  908181                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                    9216                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  434208                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   27648                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  868096                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   51200                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  32768                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                   9216                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 9077                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               428917                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                27227                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               862761                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                50882                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses                139                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               5291                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses                421                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               5335                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses                318                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits                8910                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits                9179                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               32724                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits                9118                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits                9216                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses               306                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses                37                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses                44                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses                98                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses                 0                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                        2                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                 748888                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               66345201                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                9141109                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               68471153                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                5155331                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1024                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    6144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    3072                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    6144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    2048                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles                688130                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              65672945                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               8668774                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              67776139                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               4953358                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             272157                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            4551191                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            3817913                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            4623888                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             726671                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles               884079                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles               911512                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles                    0                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles               930664                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles               939046                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time           688130                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         65672945                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          8668774                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         67776139                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          4953358                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        262919                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       4551191                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       3816800                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       4623888                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        726590                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time          590875                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time          911512                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time               0                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time          930664                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time          938155                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time             748374                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           65787249                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            8668774                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           67896607                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            5067406                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles               639                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles               666                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles               584                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles          98297946                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles          98696646                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         131862922                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         138318177                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         172547353                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         77419264                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles        110279402                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         79807577                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles        107605293                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         75653358                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               260                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              5231                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               437                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              5414                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               297                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              3283                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              9170                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             32638                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              9118                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              9216                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              3041                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2            316305                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             24596                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2            384614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             20637                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles           10479                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles             416                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles            1586                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles             386                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             402                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      219833     25.25%     25.25% |      217037     24.93%     50.17% |      217058     24.93%     75.10% |      216789     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total       870717                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |       56826     25.90%     25.90% |       54188     24.70%     50.60% |       54254     24.73%     75.33% |       54137     24.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       219405                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      219860     25.25%     25.25% |      217037     24.93%     50.18% |      217058     24.93%     75.10% |      216788     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       870743                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |       62722     25.81%     25.81% |       60090     24.73%     50.54% |       60160     24.76%     75.29% |       60044     24.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       243016                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6096     25.00%     25.00% |        6096     25.00%     50.00% |        6096     25.00%     75.00% |        6096     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24384                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      154815     25.03%     25.03% |      154657     25.00%     50.03% |      154612     25.00%     75.03% |      154460     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       618544                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      219833     25.25%     25.25% |      217037     24.93%     50.17% |      217058     24.93%     75.10% |      216789     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total       870717                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5896     24.97%     24.97% |        5902     25.00%     49.97% |        5906     25.01%     74.98% |        5907     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23611                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |       56571     25.88%     25.88% |       53994     24.70%     50.58% |       54064     24.73%     75.32% |       53948     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       218577                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      154815     25.03%     25.03% |      154657     25.00%     50.03% |      154612     25.00%     75.03% |      154460     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       618544                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      219833     25.25%     25.25% |      217037     24.93%     50.17% |      217058     24.93%     75.10% |      216788     24.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total       870716                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |       56571     25.88%     25.88% |       53994     24.70%     50.58% |       54064     24.73%     75.32% |       53948     24.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       218577                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          773                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         200     25.87%     25.87% |         194     25.10%     50.97% |         190     24.58%     75.55% |         189     24.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          773                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24384                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    13126696     90.42%     90.42% |          76      0.00%     90.42% |     1390179      9.58%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     14516951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    16035814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     16035814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    32103865     99.78%     99.78% |           0      0.00%     99.78% |       69508      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     32173373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17902     99.54%     99.54% |          71      0.39%     99.93% |          12      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        17985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      562781     46.12%     46.12% |           0      0.00%     46.12% |      657533     53.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1220314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          14     82.35%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      155645     19.38%     19.38% |          63      0.01%     19.39% |      647441     80.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       803149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           1      5.88%      5.88% |          13     76.47%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      413016     97.49%     97.49% |           0      0.00%     97.49% |       10613      2.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       423629                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      439051     40.04%     40.04% |           0      0.00%     40.04% |      657507     59.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      1096558                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      154328     19.25%     19.25% |          38      0.00%     19.25% |      647458     80.75%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       801824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      123169    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       123169                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      286191     96.43%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |       10587      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       296778                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11383    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11383                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        1915     97.46%     97.46% |          38      1.93%     99.39% |          12      0.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         1965                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2839    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         223    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         856    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          856                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       12245     21.23%     21.23% |           0      0.00%     21.23% |       45440     78.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        57685                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    15909741    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     15909741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3674     99.54%     99.54% |          14      0.38%     99.92% |           3      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3691                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122757     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          26      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       122783                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     1594320     69.64%     69.64% |           0      0.00%     69.64% |      695098     30.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2289418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       25441     51.08%     51.08% |           0      0.00%     51.08% |       24370     48.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        49811                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2199     97.09%     97.09% |          57      2.52%     99.60% |           9      0.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2265                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      127884     17.03%     17.03% |           0      0.00%     17.03% |      622934     82.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       750818                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    11362916     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |        2171      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     11365087                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    31790497     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |       34551      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     31825048                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         646    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          646                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      311167     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |       34573     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       345740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         104    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          104                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      155645     19.38%     19.38% |          63      0.01%     19.39% |      647441     80.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       803149                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           1      5.88%      5.88% |          13     76.47%     82.35% |           3     17.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           17                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      126602     99.98%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          26      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       126628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           13                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      286414     96.44%     96.44% |           0      0.00%     96.44% |       10587      3.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       297001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         972    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          972                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          65    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           65                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        1492    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         1492                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      439051     40.04%     40.04% |           0      0.00%     40.04% |      657507     59.96%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      1096558                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3905      3.10%      3.10% |        3813      3.03%      6.12% |        3564      2.83%      8.95% |        3533      2.80%     11.75% |        3609      2.86%     14.62% |        4003      3.18%     17.79% |        3776      3.00%     20.79% |        3304      2.62%     23.41% |        3574      2.84%     26.25% |        5230      4.15%     30.40% |        3974      3.15%     33.55% |        3870      3.07%     36.62% |        3568      2.83%     39.45% |        4444      3.53%     42.98% |        3936      3.12%     46.10% |        3838      3.05%     49.15% |        4261      3.38%     52.53% |        4260      3.38%     55.91% |        3610      2.86%     58.77% |        3299      2.62%     61.39% |        3133      2.49%     63.87% |        3805      3.02%     66.89% |        3624      2.88%     69.77% |        3493      2.77%     72.54% |        3696      2.93%     75.47% |        3829      3.04%     78.51% |        3360      2.67%     81.18% |        4800      3.81%     84.99% |        4032      3.20%     88.18% |        5280      4.19%     92.37% |        5113      4.06%     96.43% |        4498      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126034                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       64003      7.96%      7.96% |       24812      3.09%     11.05% |       23736      2.95%     14.00% |       24450      3.04%     17.04% |       23861      2.97%     20.01% |       23576      2.93%     22.95% |       23121      2.88%     25.82% |       23168      2.88%     28.70% |       24615      3.06%     31.77% |       23690      2.95%     34.71% |       25106      3.12%     37.84% |       24526      3.05%     40.89% |       23562      2.93%     43.82% |       23291      2.90%     46.72% |       22865      2.84%     49.56% |       23173      2.88%     52.44% |       25145      3.13%     55.57% |       23688      2.95%     58.52% |       23898      2.97%     61.49% |       23883      2.97%     64.46% |       23694      2.95%     67.41% |       23629      2.94%     70.35% |       23551      2.93%     73.28% |       23290      2.90%     76.18% |       24432      3.04%     79.22% |       23641      2.94%     82.16% |       23365      2.91%     85.07% |       22908      2.85%     87.92% |       23541      2.93%     90.85% |       23067      2.87%     93.72% |       23851      2.97%     96.68% |       26666      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       803804                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       14705      4.95%      4.95% |        8851      2.98%      7.93% |        9253      3.12%     11.05% |        8695      2.93%     13.97% |        9389      3.16%     17.13% |        8839      2.98%     20.11% |        8951      3.01%     23.12% |        8613      2.90%     26.02% |        9481      3.19%     29.22% |        8760      2.95%     32.16% |        9305      3.13%     35.30% |        8688      2.93%     38.22% |        9235      3.11%     41.33% |        8534      2.87%     44.21% |        9045      3.05%     47.25% |        8580      2.89%     50.14% |        9207      3.10%     53.24% |        8642      2.91%     56.15% |        9355      3.15%     59.30% |        8877      2.99%     62.29% |        9432      3.18%     65.46% |        8938      3.01%     68.47% |        9567      3.22%     71.69% |        8816      2.97%     74.66% |        9314      3.14%     77.80% |        8798      2.96%     80.76% |        9579      3.23%     83.98% |        9009      3.03%     87.02% |        9725      3.27%     90.29% |        8920      3.00%     93.29% |       10532      3.55%     96.84% |        9387      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       297022                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           1      4.76%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           2      9.52%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           7     33.33%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           2      9.52%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       78462      7.16%      7.16% |       33495      3.05%     10.21% |       32829      2.99%     13.20% |       32994      3.01%     16.21% |       33088      3.02%     19.23% |       31993      2.92%     22.15% |       31954      2.91%     25.06% |       31665      2.89%     27.95% |       33979      3.10%     31.05% |       32345      2.95%     34.00% |       34262      3.12%     37.12% |       33111      3.02%     40.14% |       32682      2.98%     43.12% |       31728      2.89%     46.02% |       31761      2.90%     48.91% |       31659      2.89%     51.80% |       34258      3.12%     54.92% |       32228      2.94%     57.86% |       33095      3.02%     60.88% |       32655      2.98%     63.86% |       33023      3.01%     66.87% |       32465      2.96%     69.83% |       33002      3.01%     72.84% |       31997      2.92%     75.76% |       33639      3.07%     78.83% |       32330      2.95%     81.77% |       32839      2.99%     84.77% |       31810      2.90%     87.67% |       33163      3.02%     90.69% |       31896      2.91%     93.60% |       34264      3.12%     96.73% |       35887      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      1096558                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        9271      4.25%      4.25% |        6725      3.08%      7.34% |        6751      3.10%     10.43% |        6732      3.09%     13.52% |        6712      3.08%     16.60% |        6724      3.08%     19.68% |        6732      3.09%     22.77% |        6724      3.08%     25.85% |        6775      3.11%     28.96% |        6741      3.09%     32.05% |        6744      3.09%     35.14% |        6742      3.09%     38.24% |        6726      3.08%     41.32% |        6729      3.09%     44.41% |        6726      3.08%     47.49% |        6727      3.09%     50.58% |        6751      3.10%     53.67% |        6731      3.09%     56.76% |        6746      3.09%     59.85% |        6734      3.09%     62.94% |        6732      3.09%     66.03% |        6752      3.10%     69.13% |        6738      3.09%     72.22% |        6735      3.09%     75.31% |        6742      3.09%     78.40% |        6740      3.09%     81.49% |        6738      3.09%     84.58% |        6731      3.09%     87.67% |        6738      3.09%     90.76% |        6722      3.08%     93.84% |        6720      3.08%     96.92% |        6713      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       218044                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       19544      3.16%      3.16% |       19343      3.12%      6.28% |       19438      3.14%      9.42% |       19363      3.13%     12.55% |       19352      3.13%     15.67% |       19330      3.12%     18.80% |       19292      3.12%     21.91% |       19317      3.12%     25.03% |       19312      3.12%     28.15% |       19378      3.13%     31.28% |       19406      3.13%     34.42% |       19321      3.12%     37.54% |       19401      3.13%     40.67% |       19387      3.13%     43.80% |       19329      3.12%     46.93% |       19328      3.12%     50.05% |       19351      3.13%     53.17% |       19359      3.13%     56.30% |       19319      3.12%     59.42% |       19255      3.11%     62.53% |       19297      3.12%     65.65% |       19312      3.12%     68.77% |       19329      3.12%     71.89% |       19325      3.12%     75.01% |       19349      3.13%     78.14% |       19382      3.13%     81.27% |       19360      3.13%     84.40% |       19297      3.12%     87.51% |       19333      3.12%     90.64% |       19296      3.12%     93.75% |       19308      3.12%     96.87% |       19364      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       619077                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       29931      3.44%      3.44% |       27118      3.11%      6.55% |       27236      3.13%      9.68% |       27143      3.12%     12.80% |       27111      3.11%     15.91% |       27101      3.11%     19.02% |       27072      3.11%     22.13% |       27089      3.11%     25.24% |       27135      3.12%     28.36% |       27167      3.12%     31.48% |       27197      3.12%     34.60% |       27111      3.11%     37.72% |       27174      3.12%     40.84% |       27163      3.12%     43.96% |       27102      3.11%     47.07% |       27102      3.11%     50.18% |       27149      3.12%     53.30% |       27138      3.12%     56.42% |       27113      3.11%     59.53% |       27037      3.11%     62.64% |       27077      3.11%     65.75% |       27113      3.11%     68.86% |       27115      3.11%     71.97% |       27107      3.11%     75.09% |       27138      3.12%     78.20% |       27171      3.12%     81.33% |       27147      3.12%     84.44% |       27074      3.11%     87.55% |       27118      3.11%     90.67% |       27066      3.11%     93.78% |       27076      3.11%     96.88% |       27125      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       870716                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       28907      3.45%      3.45% |       26094      3.11%      6.56% |       26212      3.13%      9.69% |       26119      3.12%     12.81% |       26087      3.11%     15.92% |       26077      3.11%     19.03% |       26048      3.11%     22.14% |       26065      3.11%     25.25% |       26111      3.12%     28.37% |       26143      3.12%     31.49% |       26173      3.12%     34.61% |       26087      3.11%     37.73% |       26150      3.12%     40.85% |       26139      3.12%     43.97% |       26078      3.11%     47.08% |       26078      3.11%     50.19% |       26125      3.12%     53.31% |       26114      3.12%     56.42% |       26089      3.11%     59.54% |       26013      3.10%     62.64% |       26053      3.11%     65.75% |       26089      3.11%     68.86% |       26091      3.11%     71.98% |       26083      3.11%     75.09% |       26114      3.12%     78.21% |       26147      3.12%     81.33% |       26123      3.12%     84.45% |       26050      3.11%     87.55% |       26094      3.11%     90.67% |       26042      3.11%     93.78% |       26052      3.11%     96.89% |       26101      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total       837948                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          84     12.75%     12.75% |          24      3.64%     16.39% |          55      8.35%     24.73% |          52      7.89%     32.63% |          39      5.92%     38.54% |          37      5.61%     44.16% |           3      0.46%     44.61% |           9      1.37%     45.98% |          12      1.82%     47.80% |           5      0.76%     48.56% |          21      3.19%     51.75% |           9      1.37%     53.11% |          25      3.79%     56.90% |           5      0.76%     57.66% |           3      0.46%     58.12% |           1      0.15%     58.27% |           2      0.30%     58.57% |          14      2.12%     60.70% |          19      2.88%     63.58% |           6      0.91%     64.49% |           2      0.30%     64.80% |          17      2.58%     67.37% |          12      1.82%     69.20% |          15      2.28%     71.47% |          20      3.03%     74.51% |          21      3.19%     77.69% |          37      5.61%     83.31% |          24      3.64%     86.95% |          24      3.64%     90.59% |          21      3.19%     93.78% |          38      5.77%     99.54% |           3      0.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          659                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     26.67%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           0      0.00%     26.67% |           3     20.00%     46.67% |           0      0.00%     46.67% |           1      6.67%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           0      0.00%     53.33% |           1      6.67%     60.00% |           1      6.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     13.33%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1      6.67%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           0      0.00%     86.67% |           2     13.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         567      3.27%      3.27% |         490      2.83%      6.10% |         514      2.97%      9.07% |         493      2.85%     11.91% |         503      2.90%     14.82% |         522      3.01%     17.83% |         500      2.89%     20.72% |         525      3.03%     23.75% |         519      3.00%     26.74% |         553      3.19%     29.94% |         575      3.32%     33.25% |         542      3.13%     36.38% |         593      3.42%     39.81% |         606      3.50%     43.30% |         548      3.16%     46.47% |         575      3.32%     49.79% |         586      3.38%     53.17% |         568      3.28%     56.45% |         533      3.08%     59.52% |         490      2.83%     62.35% |         518      2.99%     65.34% |         549      3.17%     68.51% |         553      3.19%     71.70% |         556      3.21%     74.91% |         543      3.13%     78.05% |         578      3.34%     81.38% |         551      3.18%     84.56% |         529      3.05%     87.62% |         533      3.08%     90.69% |         518      2.99%     93.69% |         519      3.00%     96.68% |         575      3.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        17324                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     23.53%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           4     23.53%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           1      5.88%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           1      5.88%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           1      5.88%     64.71% |           1      5.88%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2     11.76%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           1      5.88%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       78668      7.15%      7.15% |       33617      3.06%     10.21% |       32981      3.00%     13.20% |       33131      3.01%     16.22% |       33218      3.02%     19.23% |       32148      2.92%     22.16% |       32058      2.91%     25.07% |       31776      2.89%     27.96% |       34093      3.10%     31.06% |       32449      2.95%     34.01% |       34395      3.13%     37.13% |       33210      3.02%     40.15% |       32791      2.98%     43.13% |       31824      2.89%     46.03% |       31872      2.90%     48.92% |       31738      2.88%     51.81% |       34342      3.12%     54.93% |       32324      2.94%     57.87% |       33200      3.02%     60.88% |       32743      2.98%     63.86% |       33125      3.01%     66.87% |       32552      2.96%     69.83% |       33106      3.01%     72.84% |       32104      2.92%     75.76% |       33741      3.07%     78.82% |       32437      2.95%     81.77% |       32943      2.99%     84.77% |       31909      2.90%     87.67% |       33263      3.02%     90.69% |       31986      2.91%     93.60% |       34381      3.13%     96.72% |       36046      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1100171                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.11%     11.11% |          52      3.14%     14.25% |          46      2.78%     17.03% |          48      2.90%     19.93% |          46      2.78%     22.71% |          46      2.78%     25.48% |          48      2.90%     28.38% |          48      2.90%     31.28% |          48      2.90%     34.18% |          48      2.90%     37.08% |          46      2.78%     39.86% |          48      2.90%     42.75% |          46      2.78%     45.53% |          46      2.78%     48.31% |          46      2.78%     51.09% |          46      2.78%     53.86% |          46      2.78%     56.64% |          48      2.90%     59.54% |          48      2.90%     62.44% |          48      2.90%     65.34% |          48      2.90%     68.24% |          50      3.02%     71.26% |          48      2.90%     74.15% |          46      2.78%     76.93% |          46      2.78%     79.71% |          50      3.02%     82.73% |          50      3.02%     85.75% |          46      2.78%     88.53% |          46      2.78%     91.30% |          48      2.90%     94.20% |          48      2.90%     97.10% |          48      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         478      3.15%      3.15% |         412      2.72%      5.87% |         445      2.93%      8.80% |         435      2.87%     11.67% |         438      2.89%     14.56% |         425      2.80%     17.36% |         420      2.77%     20.13% |         452      2.98%     23.11% |         446      2.94%     26.06% |         483      3.19%     29.24% |         489      3.22%     32.47% |         474      3.13%     35.59% |         533      3.51%     39.11% |         539      3.55%     42.66% |         463      3.05%     45.71% |         521      3.44%     49.15% |         529      3.49%     52.64% |         511      3.37%     56.01% |         468      3.09%     59.09% |         428      2.82%     61.92% |         440      2.90%     64.82% |         503      3.32%     68.14% |         485      3.20%     71.33% |         489      3.22%     74.56% |         484      3.19%     77.75% |         516      3.40%     81.15% |         512      3.38%     84.53% |         477      3.15%     87.67% |         480      3.17%     90.84% |         473      3.12%     93.96% |         467      3.08%     97.04% |         449      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15164                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       23439      3.52%      3.52% |       20757      3.12%      6.64% |       20834      3.13%      9.78% |       20742      3.12%     12.89% |       20725      3.12%     16.01% |       20728      3.12%     19.13% |       20711      3.11%     22.24% |       20706      3.11%     25.35% |       20715      3.11%     28.47% |       20740      3.12%     31.59% |       20779      3.12%     34.71% |       20687      3.11%     37.82% |       20690      3.11%     40.93% |       20690      3.11%     44.04% |       20707      3.11%     47.15% |       20649      3.10%     50.26% |       20674      3.11%     53.37% |       20671      3.11%     56.47% |       20687      3.11%     59.58% |       20672      3.11%     62.69% |       20694      3.11%     65.80% |       20658      3.11%     68.91% |       20697      3.11%     72.02% |       20676      3.11%     75.13% |       20706      3.11%     78.24% |       20709      3.11%     81.36% |       20664      3.11%     84.46% |       20643      3.10%     87.57% |       20694      3.11%     90.68% |       20635      3.10%     93.78% |       20633      3.10%     96.88% |       20749      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       665161                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        6014      3.16%      3.16% |        5949      3.12%      6.28% |        5957      3.13%      9.41% |        5966      3.13%     12.55% |        5948      3.12%     15.67% |        5948      3.12%     18.79% |        5941      3.12%     21.91% |        5931      3.12%     25.03% |        5974      3.14%     28.17% |        5944      3.12%     31.29% |        5929      3.11%     34.40% |        5950      3.13%     37.53% |        5951      3.13%     40.65% |        5934      3.12%     43.77% |        5932      3.12%     46.89% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.12%     53.13% |        5956      3.13%     56.25% |        5958      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5933      3.12%     71.86% |        5942      3.12%     74.99% |        5948      3.12%     78.11% |        5946      3.12%     81.23% |        5971      3.14%     84.37% |        5955      3.13%     87.50% |        5944      3.12%     90.62% |        5958      3.13%     93.75% |        5976      3.14%     96.89% |        5927      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       190392                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3421      3.09%      3.09% |        3392      3.06%      6.15% |        3115      2.81%      8.97% |        3091      2.79%     11.76% |        3169      2.86%     14.62% |        3571      3.22%     17.84% |        3352      3.03%     20.87% |        2852      2.58%     23.45% |        3128      2.82%     26.27% |        4745      4.28%     30.55% |        3483      3.15%     33.70% |        3394      3.06%     36.76% |        3023      2.73%     39.49% |        3905      3.53%     43.02% |        3469      3.13%     46.15% |        3315      2.99%     49.15% |        3731      3.37%     52.52% |        3749      3.39%     55.90% |        3130      2.83%     58.73% |        2866      2.59%     61.32% |        2683      2.42%     63.74% |        3300      2.98%     66.72% |        3137      2.83%     69.55% |        3002      2.71%     72.26% |        3208      2.90%     75.16% |        3312      2.99%     78.15% |        2845      2.57%     80.72% |        4321      3.90%     84.62% |        3547      3.20%     87.82% |        4793      4.33%     92.15% |        4645      4.19%     96.35% |        4045      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110739                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          42      6.75%      6.75% |          42      6.75%     13.50% |           9      1.45%     14.95% |          15      2.41%     17.36% |          14      2.25%     19.61% |         248     39.87%     59.49% |          14      2.25%     61.74% |           5      0.80%     62.54% |           3      0.48%     63.02% |           1      0.16%     63.18% |          16      2.57%     65.76% |           4      0.64%     66.40% |           2      0.32%     66.72% |           1      0.16%     66.88% |          39      6.27%     73.15% |          16      2.57%     75.72% |           9      1.45%     77.17% |           6      0.96%     78.14% |          59      9.49%     87.62% |          17      2.73%     90.35% |           1      0.16%     90.51% |          15      2.41%     92.93% |          10      1.61%     94.53% |           2      0.32%     94.86% |           5      0.80%     95.66% |           1      0.16%     95.82% |           2      0.32%     96.14% |           8      1.29%     97.43% |           3      0.48%     97.91% |           2      0.32%     98.23% |           3      0.48%     98.71% |           8      1.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total          622                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           3      9.09%      9.09% |           6     18.18%     27.27% |           2      6.06%     33.33% |           5     15.15%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           1      3.03%     51.52% |           1      3.03%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           0      0.00%     54.55% |           1      3.03%     57.58% |           0      0.00%     57.58% |           0      0.00%     57.58% |           5     15.15%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           0      0.00%     72.73% |           3      9.09%     81.82% |           1      3.03%     84.85% |           0      0.00%     84.85% |           0      0.00%     84.85% |           0      0.00%     84.85% |           0      0.00%     84.85% |           1      3.03%     87.88% |           0      0.00%     87.88% |           1      3.03%     90.91% |           1      3.03%     93.94% |           2      6.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           1      4.76%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           2      9.52%     28.57% |           1      4.76%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           7     33.33%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           2      9.52%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     12.12%     12.12% |           1      3.03%     15.15% |           2      6.06%     21.21% |           0      0.00%     21.21% |           3      9.09%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           1      3.03%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           5     15.15%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           2      6.06%     54.55% |           1      3.03%     57.58% |           0      0.00%     57.58% |           0      0.00%     57.58% |           1      3.03%     60.61% |           2      6.06%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      3.03%     69.70% |           2      6.06%     75.76% |           0      0.00%     75.76% |           1      3.03%     78.79% |           1      3.03%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      3.03%     84.85% |           4     12.12%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         472      3.14%      3.14% |         411      2.74%      5.88% |         439      2.92%      8.80% |         429      2.86%     11.65% |         435      2.89%     14.55% |         425      2.83%     17.38% |         419      2.79%     20.17% |         448      2.98%     23.15% |         440      2.93%     26.07% |         474      3.15%     29.23% |         485      3.23%     32.46% |         472      3.14%     35.60% |         525      3.49%     39.09% |         535      3.56%     42.65% |         461      3.07%     45.72% |         516      3.43%     49.15% |         525      3.49%     52.65% |         505      3.36%     56.01% |         466      3.10%     59.11% |         425      2.83%     61.94% |         438      2.91%     64.85% |         497      3.31%     68.16% |         479      3.19%     71.35% |         485      3.23%     74.58% |         480      3.19%     77.77% |         511      3.40%     81.17% |         507      3.37%     84.55% |         473      3.15%     87.69% |         473      3.15%     90.84% |         470      3.13%     93.97% |         461      3.07%     97.04% |         445      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        15026                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           6      5.77%      5.77% |           9      8.65%     14.42% |           4      3.85%     18.27% |           7      6.73%     25.00% |           2      1.92%     26.92% |           7      6.73%     33.65% |           4      3.85%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           2      1.92%     39.42% |           2      1.92%     41.35% |           2      1.92%     43.27% |           4      3.85%     47.12% |           0      0.00%     47.12% |           4      3.85%     50.96% |           2      1.92%     52.88% |           1      0.96%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |          12     11.54%     65.38% |           5      4.81%     70.19% |           2      1.92%     72.12% |           2      1.92%     74.04% |           2      1.92%     75.96% |           2      1.92%     77.88% |           4      3.85%     81.73% |           1      0.96%     82.69% |           3      2.88%     85.58% |           2      1.92%     87.50% |           5      4.81%     92.31% |           3      2.88%     95.19% |           1      0.96%     96.15% |           4      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total          104                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       40522     29.37%     29.37% |        4009      2.91%     32.27% |        2893      2.10%     34.37% |        3693      2.68%     37.04% |        3119      2.26%     39.30% |        2587      1.87%     41.18% |        2396      1.74%     42.92% |        2457      1.78%     44.70% |        3897      2.82%     47.52% |        2949      2.14%     49.66% |        4311      3.12%     52.78% |        3835      2.78%     55.56% |        2866      2.08%     57.64% |        2600      1.88%     59.52% |        2118      1.53%     61.06% |        2508      1.82%     62.88% |        4461      3.23%     66.11% |        3011      2.18%     68.29% |        3151      2.28%     70.57% |        3193      2.31%     72.89% |        2999      2.17%     75.06% |        2956      2.14%     77.20% |        2842      2.06%     79.26% |        2612      1.89%     81.16% |        3721      2.70%     83.85% |        2930      2.12%     85.98% |        2699      1.96%     87.93% |        2257      1.64%     89.57% |        2842      2.06%     91.63% |        2430      1.76%     93.39% |        3215      2.33%     95.72% |        5909      4.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       137988                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |        8688      8.15%      8.15% |        2896      2.72%     10.87% |        3294      3.09%     13.96% |        2724      2.56%     16.52% |        3426      3.21%     19.73% |        2884      2.71%     22.44% |        3009      2.82%     25.26% |        2682      2.52%     27.78% |        3507      3.29%     31.07% |        2815      2.64%     33.71% |        3376      3.17%     36.88% |        2738      2.57%     39.45% |        3279      3.08%     42.52% |        2600      2.44%     44.96% |        3113      2.92%     47.88% |        2648      2.48%     50.37% |        3261      3.06%     53.43% |        2686      2.52%     55.95% |        3394      3.18%     59.13% |        2939      2.76%     61.89% |        3489      3.27%     65.16% |        2986      2.80%     67.96% |        3634      3.41%     71.37% |        2874      2.70%     74.07% |        3365      3.16%     77.23% |        2852      2.68%     79.90% |        3607      3.38%     83.29% |        3053      2.86%     86.15% |        3779      3.55%     89.70% |        2962      2.78%     92.48% |        4556      4.27%     96.75% |        3460      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       106576                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        9261      4.25%      4.25% |        6716      3.08%      7.33% |        6744      3.10%     10.43% |        6726      3.09%     13.52% |        6707      3.08%     16.59% |        6716      3.08%     19.68% |        6729      3.09%     22.77% |        6721      3.08%     25.85% |        6766      3.11%     28.96% |        6738      3.09%     32.05% |        6741      3.09%     35.14% |        6740      3.09%     38.24% |        6719      3.08%     41.32% |        6727      3.09%     44.41% |        6720      3.08%     47.49% |        6721      3.08%     50.58% |        6748      3.10%     53.67% |        6727      3.09%     56.76% |        6742      3.09%     59.86% |        6729      3.09%     62.95% |        6729      3.09%     66.03% |        6747      3.10%     69.13% |        6731      3.09%     72.22% |        6726      3.09%     75.31% |        6735      3.09%     78.40% |        6736      3.09%     81.49% |        6734      3.09%     84.58% |        6726      3.09%     87.67% |        6728      3.09%     90.76% |        6717      3.08%     93.84% |        6713      3.08%     96.92% |        6708      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       217868                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       18959      3.15%      3.15% |       18840      3.13%      6.29% |       18876      3.14%      9.42% |       18824      3.13%     12.56% |       18815      3.13%     15.68% |       18779      3.12%     18.81% |       18792      3.13%     21.93% |       18786      3.12%     25.06% |       18790      3.12%     28.18% |       18823      3.13%     31.31% |       18813      3.13%     34.44% |       18772      3.12%     37.56% |       18794      3.13%     40.69% |       18778      3.12%     43.81% |       18784      3.12%     46.93% |       18758      3.12%     50.05% |       18766      3.12%     53.17% |       18781      3.12%     56.30% |       18772      3.12%     59.42% |       18765      3.12%     62.54% |       18780      3.12%     65.66% |       18751      3.12%     68.78% |       18773      3.12%     71.90% |       18763      3.12%     75.02% |       18793      3.13%     78.15% |       18788      3.12%     81.27% |       18776      3.12%     84.39% |       18749      3.12%     87.51% |       18788      3.12%     90.64% |       18762      3.12%     93.76% |       18758      3.12%     96.88% |       18791      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       601339                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     23.53%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           0      0.00%     23.53% |           4     23.53%     47.06% |           0      0.00%     47.06% |           1      5.88%     52.94% |           0      0.00%     52.94% |           1      5.88%     58.82% |           0      0.00%     58.82% |           1      5.88%     64.71% |           1      5.88%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           0      0.00%     70.59% |           2     11.76%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           0      0.00%     82.35% |           1      5.88%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           0      0.00%     88.24% |           2     11.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           17                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       78462      7.16%      7.16% |       33495      3.05%     10.21% |       32829      2.99%     13.20% |       32994      3.01%     16.21% |       33088      3.02%     19.23% |       31993      2.92%     22.15% |       31954      2.91%     25.06% |       31665      2.89%     27.95% |       33979      3.10%     31.05% |       32345      2.95%     34.00% |       34262      3.12%     37.12% |       33111      3.02%     40.14% |       32682      2.98%     43.12% |       31728      2.89%     46.02% |       31761      2.90%     48.91% |       31659      2.89%     51.80% |       34258      3.12%     54.92% |       32228      2.94%     57.86% |       33095      3.02%     60.88% |       32655      2.98%     63.86% |       33023      3.01%     66.87% |       32465      2.96%     69.83% |       33002      3.01%     72.84% |       31997      2.92%     75.76% |       33639      3.07%     78.83% |       32330      2.95%     81.77% |       32839      2.99%     84.77% |       31810      2.90%     87.67% |       33163      3.02%     90.69% |       31896      2.91%     93.60% |       34264      3.12%     96.73% |       35887      3.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      1096558                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          10      6.99%      6.99% |           5      3.50%     10.49% |           6      4.20%     14.69% |           4      2.80%     17.48% |           5      3.50%     20.98% |           5      3.50%     24.48% |           3      2.10%     26.57% |           3      2.10%     28.67% |           9      6.29%     34.97% |           2      1.40%     36.36% |           3      2.10%     38.46% |           2      1.40%     39.86% |           2      1.40%     41.26% |           2      1.40%     42.66% |           4      2.80%     45.45% |           5      3.50%     48.95% |           3      2.10%     51.05% |           4      2.80%     53.85% |           3      2.10%     55.94% |           3      2.10%     58.04% |           3      2.10%     60.14% |           4      2.80%     62.94% |           5      3.50%     66.43% |           9      6.29%     72.73% |           6      4.20%     76.92% |           3      2.10%     79.02% |           4      2.80%     81.82% |           4      2.80%     84.62% |           6      4.20%     88.81% |           5      3.50%     92.31% |           7      4.90%     97.20% |           4      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          143                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         113      4.17%      4.17% |          92      3.39%      7.56% |         123      4.54%     12.09% |         110      4.06%     16.15% |         102      3.76%     19.91% |         126      4.65%     24.56% |          81      2.99%     27.54% |          83      3.06%     30.60% |          82      3.02%     33.63% |          81      2.99%     36.62% |         108      3.98%     40.60% |          77      2.84%     43.44% |          82      3.02%     46.46% |          74      2.73%     49.19% |          84      3.10%     52.29% |          54      1.99%     54.28% |          60      2.21%     56.49% |          73      2.69%     59.18% |          81      2.99%     62.17% |          65      2.40%     64.56% |          79      2.91%     67.48% |          64      2.36%     69.84% |          77      2.84%     72.68% |          77      2.84%     75.52% |          76      2.80%     78.32% |          83      3.06%     81.38% |          77      2.84%     84.22% |          75      2.77%     86.98% |          72      2.65%     89.64% |          64      2.36%     92.00% |          89      3.28%     95.28% |         128      4.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2712                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8     32.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           0      0.00%     32.00% |           8     32.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           9     36.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       28907      3.45%      3.45% |       26094      3.11%      6.56% |       26212      3.13%      9.69% |       26119      3.12%     12.81% |       26087      3.11%     15.92% |       26077      3.11%     19.03% |       26048      3.11%     22.14% |       26065      3.11%     25.25% |       26111      3.12%     28.37% |       26143      3.12%     31.49% |       26173      3.12%     34.61% |       26087      3.11%     37.73% |       26150      3.12%     40.85% |       26139      3.12%     43.97% |       26078      3.11%     47.08% |       26078      3.11%     50.19% |       26125      3.12%     53.31% |       26114      3.12%     56.42% |       26089      3.11%     59.54% |       26013      3.10%     62.64% |       26053      3.11%     65.75% |       26089      3.11%     68.86% |       26091      3.11%     71.98% |       26083      3.11%     75.09% |       26114      3.12%     78.21% |       26147      3.12%     81.33% |       26123      3.12%     84.45% |       26050      3.11%     87.55% |       26094      3.11%     90.67% |       26042      3.11%     93.78% |       26052      3.11%     96.89% |       26101      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total       837948                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          36      4.66%      4.66% |          26      3.37%      8.03% |          23      2.98%     11.01% |          24      3.11%     14.12% |          23      2.98%     17.10% |          23      2.98%     20.08% |          24      3.11%     23.19% |          24      3.11%     26.30% |          24      3.11%     29.40% |          24      3.11%     32.51% |          23      2.98%     35.49% |          24      3.11%     38.60% |          23      2.98%     41.58% |          23      2.98%     44.56% |          23      2.98%     47.54% |          23      2.98%     50.52% |          23      2.98%     53.50% |          24      3.11%     56.61% |          24      3.11%     59.72% |          24      3.11%     62.82% |          24      3.11%     65.93% |          25      3.24%     69.17% |          24      3.11%     72.28% |          23      2.98%     75.26% |          23      2.98%     78.24% |          25      3.24%     81.48% |          25      3.24%     84.72% |          23      2.98%     87.69% |          23      2.98%     90.67% |          24      3.11%     93.78% |          24      3.11%     96.89% |          24      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          772                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          62     54.87%     54.87% |           2      1.77%     56.64% |           4      3.54%     60.18% |           3      2.65%     62.83% |           3      2.65%     65.49% |           1      0.88%     66.37% |           1      0.88%     67.26% |           0      0.00%     67.26% |           6      5.31%     72.57% |           1      0.88%     73.45% |           1      0.88%     74.34% |           1      0.88%     75.22% |           2      1.77%     76.99% |           0      0.00%     76.99% |           1      0.88%     77.88% |           0      0.00%     77.88% |           0      0.00%     77.88% |           1      0.88%     78.76% |           1      0.88%     79.65% |           0      0.00%     79.65% |           0      0.00%     79.65% |           2      1.77%     81.42% |           1      0.88%     82.30% |           2      1.77%     84.07% |           2      1.77%     85.84% |           1      0.88%     86.73% |           2      1.77%     88.50% |           2      1.77%     90.27% |           3      2.65%     92.92% |           3      2.65%     95.58% |           5      4.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          113                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           4      4.65%      4.65% |           3      3.49%      8.14% |           2      2.33%     10.47% |           1      1.16%     11.63% |           2      2.33%     13.95% |           4      4.65%     18.60% |           2      2.33%     20.93% |           3      3.49%     24.42% |           3      3.49%     27.91% |           1      1.16%     29.07% |           2      2.33%     31.40% |           1      1.16%     32.56% |           0      0.00%     32.56% |           2      2.33%     34.88% |           3      3.49%     38.37% |           5      5.81%     44.19% |           3      3.49%     47.67% |           3      3.49%     51.16% |           2      2.33%     53.49% |           3      3.49%     56.98% |           3      3.49%     60.47% |           2      2.33%     62.79% |           4      4.65%     67.44% |           7      8.14%     75.58% |           4      4.65%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           2      2.33%     84.88% |           2      2.33%     87.21% |           3      3.49%     90.70% |           2      2.33%     93.02% |           2      2.33%     95.35% |           4      4.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     60.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           9     69.23%     69.23% |           4     30.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          22      4.13%      4.13% |          20      3.75%      7.88% |          51      9.57%     17.45% |          49      9.19%     26.64% |          36      6.75%     33.40% |          36      6.75%     40.15% |           2      0.38%     40.53% |           9      1.69%     42.21% |           6      1.13%     43.34% |           4      0.75%     44.09% |          20      3.75%     47.84% |           8      1.50%     49.34% |          19      3.56%     52.91% |           5      0.94%     53.85% |           2      0.38%     54.22% |           1      0.19%     54.41% |           2      0.38%     54.78% |          13      2.44%     57.22% |          17      3.19%     60.41% |           5      0.94%     61.35% |           2      0.38%     61.73% |          15      2.81%     64.54% |           9      1.69%     66.23% |          13      2.44%     68.67% |          18      3.38%     72.05% |          19      3.56%     75.61% |          35      6.57%     82.18% |          22      4.13%     86.30% |          19      3.56%     89.87% |          18      3.38%     93.25% |          33      6.19%     99.44% |           3      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          533                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          91      4.18%      4.18% |          72      3.30%      7.48% |          72      3.30%     10.78% |          61      2.80%     13.58% |          66      3.03%     16.61% |          90      4.13%     20.74% |          79      3.63%     24.37% |          74      3.40%     27.77% |          76      3.49%     31.25% |          77      3.53%     34.79% |          88      4.04%     38.83% |          69      3.17%     41.99% |          63      2.89%     44.88% |          69      3.17%     48.05% |          82      3.76%     51.81% |          53      2.43%     54.25% |          58      2.66%     56.91% |          60      2.75%     59.66% |          64      2.94%     62.60% |          60      2.75%     65.35% |          77      3.53%     68.88% |          49      2.25%     71.13% |          68      3.12%     74.25% |          64      2.94%     77.19% |          58      2.66%     79.85% |          64      2.94%     82.79% |          42      1.93%     84.72% |          53      2.43%     87.15% |          53      2.43%     89.58% |          46      2.11%     91.69% |          56      2.57%     94.26% |         125      5.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2179                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         472      3.14%      3.14% |         411      2.74%      5.88% |         439      2.92%      8.80% |         429      2.86%     11.65% |         435      2.89%     14.55% |         425      2.83%     17.38% |         419      2.79%     20.17% |         448      2.98%     23.15% |         440      2.93%     26.07% |         474      3.15%     29.23% |         485      3.23%     32.46% |         472      3.14%     35.60% |         525      3.49%     39.09% |         535      3.56%     42.65% |         461      3.07%     45.72% |         516      3.43%     49.15% |         525      3.49%     52.65% |         505      3.36%     56.01% |         466      3.10%     59.11% |         425      2.83%     61.94% |         438      2.91%     64.85% |         497      3.31%     68.16% |         479      3.19%     71.35% |         485      3.23%     74.58% |         480      3.19%     77.77% |         511      3.40%     81.17% |         507      3.37%     84.55% |         473      3.15%     87.69% |         473      3.15%     90.84% |         470      3.13%     93.97% |         461      3.07%     97.04% |         445      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        15026                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     15.38%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           3     23.08%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           1      7.69%     53.85% |           1      7.69%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           2     15.38%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      7.69%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           0      0.00%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     12.12%     12.12% |           1      3.03%     15.15% |           2      6.06%     21.21% |           0      0.00%     21.21% |           3      9.09%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           0      0.00%     30.30% |           1      3.03%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           5     15.15%     48.48% |           0      0.00%     48.48% |           2      6.06%     54.55% |           1      3.03%     57.58% |           0      0.00%     57.58% |           0      0.00%     57.58% |           1      3.03%     60.61% |           2      6.06%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      3.03%     69.70% |           2      6.06%     75.76% |           0      0.00%     75.76% |           1      3.03%     78.79% |           1      3.03%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           1      3.03%     84.85% |           4     12.12%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           0      0.00%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       23439      3.52%      3.52% |       20757      3.12%      6.64% |       20834      3.13%      9.78% |       20742      3.12%     12.89% |       20725      3.12%     16.01% |       20728      3.12%     19.13% |       20711      3.11%     22.24% |       20706      3.11%     25.35% |       20715      3.11%     28.47% |       20740      3.12%     31.59% |       20779      3.12%     34.71% |       20687      3.11%     37.82% |       20690      3.11%     40.93% |       20690      3.11%     44.04% |       20707      3.11%     47.15% |       20649      3.10%     50.26% |       20674      3.11%     53.37% |       20671      3.11%     56.47% |       20687      3.11%     59.58% |       20672      3.11%     62.69% |       20694      3.11%     65.80% |       20658      3.11%     68.91% |       20697      3.11%     72.02% |       20676      3.11%     75.13% |       20706      3.11%     78.24% |       20709      3.11%     81.36% |       20664      3.11%     84.46% |       20643      3.10%     87.57% |       20694      3.11%     90.68% |       20635      3.10%     93.78% |       20633      3.10%     96.88% |       20749      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       665161                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         478      3.15%      3.15% |         412      2.72%      5.87% |         445      2.93%      8.80% |         435      2.87%     11.67% |         438      2.89%     14.56% |         425      2.80%     17.36% |         420      2.77%     20.13% |         452      2.98%     23.12% |         446      2.94%     26.06% |         483      3.19%     29.24% |         489      3.22%     32.47% |         474      3.13%     35.59% |         533      3.52%     39.11% |         539      3.55%     42.66% |         463      3.05%     45.72% |         521      3.44%     49.15% |         529      3.49%     52.64% |         511      3.37%     56.01% |         468      3.09%     59.10% |         428      2.82%     61.92% |         440      2.90%     64.82% |         503      3.32%     68.14% |         485      3.20%     71.34% |         489      3.22%     74.56% |         484      3.19%     77.76% |         516      3.40%     81.16% |         512      3.38%     84.53% |         476      3.14%     87.67% |         480      3.17%     90.84% |         473      3.12%     93.96% |         467      3.08%     97.04% |         449      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15163                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        6014      3.16%      3.16% |        5949      3.12%      6.28% |        5957      3.13%      9.41% |        5966      3.13%     12.55% |        5948      3.12%     15.67% |        5948      3.12%     18.79% |        5941      3.12%     21.91% |        5931      3.12%     25.03% |        5974      3.14%     28.17% |        5944      3.12%     31.29% |        5929      3.11%     34.40% |        5950      3.13%     37.53% |        5951      3.13%     40.65% |        5934      3.12%     43.77% |        5932      3.12%     46.89% |        5932      3.12%     50.00% |        5946      3.12%     53.13% |        5956      3.13%     56.25% |        5958      3.13%     59.38% |        5937      3.12%     62.50% |        5943      3.12%     65.62% |        5952      3.13%     68.75% |        5933      3.12%     71.86% |        5942      3.12%     74.99% |        5948      3.12%     78.11% |        5946      3.12%     81.23% |        5971      3.14%     84.37% |        5955      3.13%     87.50% |        5944      3.12%     90.62% |        5958      3.13%     93.75% |        5976      3.14%     96.89% |        5927      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       190392                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           5      9.26%      9.26% |           6     11.11%     20.37% |           3      5.56%     25.93% |           6     11.11%     37.04% |           0      0.00%     37.04% |           1      1.85%     38.89% |           1      1.85%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           0      0.00%     40.74% |           1      1.85%     42.59% |           0      0.00%     42.59% |           0      0.00%     42.59% |           5      9.26%     51.85% |           0      0.00%     51.85% |           2      3.70%     55.56% |           1      1.85%     57.41% |           0      0.00%     57.41% |           0      0.00%     57.41% |          10     18.52%     75.93% |           2      3.70%     79.63% |           0      0.00%     79.63% |           0      0.00%     79.63% |           0      0.00%     79.63% |           0      0.00%     79.63% |           1      1.85%     81.48% |           0      0.00%     81.48% |           2      3.70%     85.19% |           1      1.85%     87.04% |           4      7.41%     94.44% |           1      1.85%     96.30% |           1      1.85%     98.15% |           1      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       78663      7.15%      7.15% |       33611      3.06%     10.21% |       32978      3.00%     13.20% |       33125      3.01%     16.21% |       33218      3.02%     19.23% |       32147      2.92%     22.16% |       32057      2.91%     25.07% |       31776      2.89%     27.96% |       34093      3.10%     31.06% |       32448      2.95%     34.01% |       34395      3.13%     37.13% |       33210      3.02%     40.15% |       32786      2.98%     43.13% |       31824      2.89%     46.03% |       31870      2.90%     48.92% |       31737      2.88%     51.81% |       34342      3.12%     54.93% |       32324      2.94%     57.87% |       33190      3.02%     60.88% |       32741      2.98%     63.86% |       33125      3.01%     66.87% |       32552      2.96%     69.83% |       33106      3.01%     72.84% |       32104      2.92%     75.76% |       33740      3.07%     78.82% |       32437      2.95%     81.77% |       32941      2.99%     84.77% |       31908      2.90%     87.67% |       33259      3.02%     90.69% |       31985      2.91%     93.60% |       34380      3.13%     96.72% |       36045      3.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      1100117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           4     33.33%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      8.33%     58.33% |           1      8.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     25.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           4     25.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           16                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |       75074      4.17%      4.17% |      899845     50.00%     54.17% |      824771     45.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1799690                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |       75074      4.17%      4.17% |      899845     50.00%     54.17% |      824771     45.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1799690                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |       75074      4.17%      4.17% |      899845     50.00%     54.17% |      824771     45.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1799690                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |       75074      4.17%      4.17% |      899845     50.00%     54.17% |      824771     45.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1799690                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
