
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.093649                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 93649302000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5269817380500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  48458                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    85385                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              105637246                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6169052                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   886.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42958478                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      75695561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21106624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21106624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11911296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11911296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       329791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             329791                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186114                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186114                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    225379405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            225379405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    127190441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           127190441                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    352569846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           352569846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     329791                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186114                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   329791                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186114                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21104256                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11911168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21106624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11911296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    37                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11665                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11602                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11723                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     6348                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     3126                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  93648738500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               329791                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186114                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 151287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  33260                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  26219                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  20050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  15361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  12333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   9839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   7986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   6512                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   5398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  4564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  3893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  3345                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  2852                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  2199                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1695                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1407                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1203                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   847                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   753                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   682                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   623                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   617                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   530                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   526                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  7011                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  32404                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  34582                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  35210                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  35380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  35291                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   4392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   3390                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   5465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       146570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   225.247950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.559525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   188.982570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        43809     29.89%     29.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42417     28.94%     58.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42112     28.73%     87.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6714      4.58%     92.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4317      2.95%     95.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2271      1.55%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1553      1.06%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1078      0.74%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2299      1.57%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       146570                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.075778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    24.562669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32718     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        32727                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.686803                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.496062                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.899187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29679     90.69%     90.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2063      6.30%     96.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          569      1.74%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          416      1.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        32727                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 15550810680                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            21733698180                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1648770000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    47158.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               65908.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      225.35                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      127.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   225.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   127.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.27                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  253381                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 115906                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                76.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               62.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    181523.22                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   71.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15212182000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3127020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    75307031500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              560778120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              547215480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              305980125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              298579875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1290900000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1281033000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604214640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601758720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6116451120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6116451120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        39089193525                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        38368868850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21898527000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22530390750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          69866044530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69744297795                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.069517                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          744.769436                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20695040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20695040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11494720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11494720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323360                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179605                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    220984455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            220984455                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    122742186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           122742186                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    343726641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           343726641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323360                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179605                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323360                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179605                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20692992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11494464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20695040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11494720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    32                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20430                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10912                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     6008                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     2739                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  93648467500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323360                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179605                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 148244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  30933                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  25187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  19952                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  15553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  12410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   9784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   8025                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   6513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   5327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  4639                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  3926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  3332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1750                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  1374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  1217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  1084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   888                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   624                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  6591                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  31275                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  33317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  34070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  34260                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   4333                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   3286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   4932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       138014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   233.213674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.043921                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.893792                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39856     28.88%     28.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37824     27.41%     56.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41768     30.26%     86.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6824      4.94%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4355      3.16%     94.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2352      1.70%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1574      1.14%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1099      0.80%     98.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2362      1.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       138014                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.233374                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.620050                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31586     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        31593                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.684835                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.491858                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.910879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          28615     90.57%     90.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2004      6.34%     96.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          561      1.78%     98.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          413      1.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        31593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 15142135071                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            21204535071                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1616640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    46832.12                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               65582.12                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      220.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      122.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   220.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   122.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  250359                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 114549                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                77.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               63.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    186192.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   72.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15396876750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3127020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    75121997250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              527892120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              515478600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              288036375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              281263125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1266813600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1255020000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583400880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580413600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6116451120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6116451120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        38589590520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37633597920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22336775250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23175365250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69708959865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          69557589615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          744.392077                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          742.775659                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20696768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20696768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11494784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11494784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    221002907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            221002907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    122742869                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           122742869                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    343745776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           343745776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323387                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179606                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323387                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179606                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20695808                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                    960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11494528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20696768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11494784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11507                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10908                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     4999                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2541                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  93649160500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323387                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179606                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 148429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  30543                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  25332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  19883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  15643                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  12546                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10066                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   8161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   6704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   5415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  4637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3987                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  3460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2943                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2618                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2280                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  1382                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  1191                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  1083                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   895                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   702                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   663                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   517                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  5569                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  31278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  33268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  34036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  34314                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34095                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   4423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   3453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   4739                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       137586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   233.961944                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   173.801172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   193.638151                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39507     28.71%     28.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37354     27.15%     55.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        42107     30.60%     86.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6819      4.96%     91.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4390      3.19%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2388      1.74%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1608      1.17%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1139      0.83%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2274      1.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       137586                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.246775                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.659131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31550     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        31555                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.691713                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.499385                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.898090                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          28509     90.35%     90.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2086      6.61%     96.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          597      1.89%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          363      1.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        31555                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 14940946303                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            21004171303                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1616860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    46203.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               64953.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      220.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      122.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   221.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   122.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.25                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  250475                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 114907                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                77.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               63.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    186183.82                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   72.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15448683750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3127020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    75070074250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              526554000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              513581040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              287306250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              280227750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1267359600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1254848400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583387920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580433040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6116451120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6116451120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        38474316000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        37557736335                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22437893250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23241910500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69693268140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          69545188185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          744.224512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          742.643229                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20666368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20666368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11490112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11490112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       322912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             322912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179533                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    220678292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            220678292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    122692981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           122692981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    343371273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           343371273                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     322913                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179533                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   322913                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179533                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20665728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11489856                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20666432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11490112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20043                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     6709                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     2835                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  93648560500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               322913                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179533                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 147784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  30558                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  25131                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  19820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  15293                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  12395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   9934                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   8075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   6633                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   5448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  4508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  3229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2420                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  2211                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1857                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1622                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  1290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  1187                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  1095                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  1004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   946                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   771                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   719                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  7392                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  31186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  33261                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  33995                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  34251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   4290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   3357                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   5046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       137176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   234.404619                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   174.105250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   194.305529                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39200     28.58%     28.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        37473     27.32%     55.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        41930     30.57%     86.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6783      4.94%     91.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4349      3.17%     94.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2381      1.74%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1603      1.17%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1045      0.76%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2412      1.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       137176                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        31498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.250778                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    21.192429                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        31487     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            8      0.03%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        31498                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        31498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.699695                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.504652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.915098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          28426     90.25%     90.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2100      6.67%     96.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          567      1.80%     98.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          405      1.29%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        31498                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 15465979978                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            21520392478                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1614510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    47896.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               66646.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      220.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      122.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   220.68                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   122.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.96                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.26                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.94                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  250146                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 115103                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                77.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               64.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    186385.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   72.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15188895750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3127020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    75329586750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              524626200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              512416800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              286254375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              279592500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1264528200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1253990400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583076880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580271040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6116451120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6116451120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        38317082355                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        37528224300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22575817500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23267798250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69667836630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          69538744410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          743.952940                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          742.574419                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               17153697                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 38.199326                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                29.142428                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                42.849434                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16503671     96.21%     96.21% |      494538      2.88%     99.09% |      119736      0.70%     99.79% |       28961      0.17%     99.96% |        6307      0.04%    100.00% |         449      0.00%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 17153697                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     34150141                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.289989                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.805142                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.361360                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    30882538     90.43%     90.43% |     1886570      5.52%     95.96% |      736457      2.16%     98.11% |      405583      1.19%     99.30% |      183642      0.54%     99.84% |       44665      0.13%     99.97% |        6177      0.02%     99.99% |        2986      0.01%    100.00% |        1523      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      34150141                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            34150140                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              21.484758                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.285811                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             82.949369                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    34121387     99.92%     99.92% |       26462      0.08%     99.99% |        2064      0.01%    100.00% |         200      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              34150140                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        31096679                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.013598                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.009887                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.191321                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    30892880     99.34%     99.34% |       83926      0.27%     99.61% |       56822      0.18%     99.80% |       33070      0.11%     99.90% |       23870      0.08%     99.98% |        6069      0.02%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          31096679                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3053461                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        209.596455                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       156.716181                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       195.172012                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     3024708     99.06%     99.06% |       26462      0.87%     99.92% |        2064      0.07%     99.99% |         200      0.01%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3053461                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         729788                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       729788                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           52                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           32                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           50                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           45                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     21280724                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       689079                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     21969803                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9386386                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123477                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9509863                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1016975                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30822                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       306032                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1718707                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54397                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        47631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       262701                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       310332                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       117123                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        56151                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       288087                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       344238                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       130215                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits        52837                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       280971                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       333808                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       126822                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        44609                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       255292                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       299901                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       112844                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        54643                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       284381                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       339024                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles       128671                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        62729                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       299767                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       362496                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       136526                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        53469                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       280339                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       333808                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       127303                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        57500                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       289350                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       346850                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles       131522                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       114247                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49848                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       164095                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        50882                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        43212                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        94094                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        51246                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        43368                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        94614                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        50461                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43269                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        93730                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        49651                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        43312                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        92963                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        49585                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43320                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        92905                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        48305                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43322                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        91627                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        48582                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43227                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        91809                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        50098                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43281                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        93379                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        49907                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43298                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        93205                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        49806                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43306                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        93112                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        49466                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43238                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        92704                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        49105                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43258                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        92363                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        49026                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43264                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        92290                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        51929                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        43321                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        95250                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        49678                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43289                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        92967                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        48832                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43203                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        92035                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        49286                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        43252                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        92538                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        49899                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        43279                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        93178                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        48908                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43266                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        92174                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        49947                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        43138                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        93085                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        49594                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43180                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        92774                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        50533                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43201                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        93734                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        50107                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        93338                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        53130                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43176                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        96306                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        53904                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        43183                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        97087                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        49250                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        43151                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        92401                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        49623                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        43182                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        92805                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        49195                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43186                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        92381                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        48351                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43246                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        91597                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        48808                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43221                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        92029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        51624                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43269                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        94893                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        60085                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18446747                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18446747                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     19016931                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18446747                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9238878                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9171347                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18446747                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.098488                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     12489788                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     12489788                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13232073                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12489788                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7405964                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7303316                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     12489788                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.066684                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9502025                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9502025                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9999050                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9502025                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4410808                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4362321                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9502025                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.050732                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8951085                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8951085                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9469634                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8951085                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4251850                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4220085                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8951085                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.047790                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      9837392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      9837392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10433966                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9837392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5171015                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5082656                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      9837392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.052523                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8973440                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8973440                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9510779                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8973440                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4521400                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4487828                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8973440                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.047910                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     10679343                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     10679343                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11373499                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10679343                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4597142                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4555911                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     10679343                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.057018                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      9207050                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      9207050                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9949229                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9207050                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4217598                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4181382                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      9207050                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.049157                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6502555                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6502555                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6822479                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6502555                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3101255                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3076007                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6502555                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.034718                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      7933894                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      7933894                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8432823                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7933894                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3891425                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3854090                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      7933894                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.042360                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      5104012                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      5104012                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5385801                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5104012                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2203541                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2178096                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      5104012                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.027251                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3731314                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3731314                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3772623                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3731314                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1695452                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1694374                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3731314                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019922                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4415272                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4415272                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4472090                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4415272                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2177393                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2175692                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4415272                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023573                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3848511                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3848511                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3894747                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3848511                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1755107                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1753835                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3848511                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020547                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2661512                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2661512                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2712850                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2661512                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1060151                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1058288                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2661512                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.014210                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3650940                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3650940                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3730537                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3650940                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1461647                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1459204                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3650940                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019493                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4558093                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4558093                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4628346                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4558093                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1729316                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1727213                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4558093                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.024336                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3932259                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3932259                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4001843                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3932259                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1530260                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1527995                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3932259                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.020995                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3480891                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3480891                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3562005                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3480891                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1430216                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1427967                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3480891                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018585                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2053245                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2053245                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2123035                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2053245                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       859205                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       857069                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2053245                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010962                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1952484                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1952484                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1959540                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1952484                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       957481                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       957264                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1952484                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010424                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2350673                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2350673                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2363259                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2350673                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1235813                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1234865                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2350673                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012550                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2145693                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2145693                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2157175                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2145693                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1057889                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1057493                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2145693                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011456                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1341346                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1341346                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1341346                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1341346                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       596797                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       596766                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1341346                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007162                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1889763                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1889763                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1896668                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1889763                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       898572                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       898351                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1889763                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.010090                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2307879                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2307879                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2320105                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2307879                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1208021                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1206983                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2307879                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012322                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2136490                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2136490                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2147649                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2136490                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1049754                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1049394                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2136490                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011407                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1347022                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1347022                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1347022                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1347022                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       598536                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       598494                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1347022                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8344467                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8344467                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8853485                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8344467                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3818261                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3803667                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8344467                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.044552                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7657428                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7657428                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7958533                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7657428                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3391959                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3383712                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7657428                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.040884                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8114488                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8114488                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8643595                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8114488                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3483430                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3459304                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8114488                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.043324                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8039562                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8039562                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8447747                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8039562                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3502186                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3488778                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8039562                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.042924                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    14105531     29.79%     29.79% |    30217107     63.82%     93.61% |     3023865      6.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     47346503                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    14105531     29.79%     29.79% |    30217108     63.82%     93.61% |     3023865      6.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     47346504                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   455373465                       |   770825039                       |    72305695                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   308742571                       |   142597124                       |     3048727                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   32.283327                       |   25.509558                       |   23.911681                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   21.888050                       |    4.719086                       |    1.008222                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.425557                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     9.597085                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         37.022642                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004072                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.091742      7.31%      7.31% |    0.090882      7.25%     14.56% |    0.090670      7.23%     21.79% |    0.089982      7.17%     28.96% |    0.201622     16.07%     45.04% |    0.201542     16.07%     61.10% |    0.201485     16.06%     77.17% |    0.201397     16.06%     93.22% |    0.021251      1.69%     94.92% |    0.021253      1.69%     96.61% |    0.021251      1.69%     98.31% |    0.021247      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.254324                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.031298                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023184                       |    0.000000                       |    0.005842                       |    0.006414                       |    0.006240                       |    0.005693                       |    0.006315                       |    0.006634                       |    0.006198                       |    0.006431                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006256                       |    0.003802                       |    0.003749                       |    0.003778                       |    0.003748                       |    0.003758                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003724                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003818                       |    0.003817                       |    0.003788                       |    0.003763                       |    0.003757                       |    0.003719                       |    0.003726                       |    0.003774                       |    0.003768                       |    0.003767                       |    0.003756                       |    0.003743                       |    0.003839                       |    0.003765                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003753                       |    0.003773                       |    0.003744                       |    0.003763                       |    0.003758                       |    0.003783                       |    0.003865                       |    0.003892                       |    0.010555                       |    0.010348                       |    0.010349                       |    0.010334                       |    0.000129                       |           0                       |    0.003576                       |    0.007478                       |    0.000451                       |    0.000507                       |    0.000488                       |    0.000440                       |    0.000495                       |    0.000533                       |    0.000481                       |    0.000506                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003436                       |    0.000130                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003872                       |    0.002986                       |    0.008918                       |    0.003428                       |    0.000481                       |    0.004868                       |    0.011652                       |    0.005370                       |           0                       |    0.003436                       |    0.007360                       |           0                       |    0.011637                       |    0.015907                       |    0.006211                       |    0.008371                       |    0.003435                       |    0.000451                       |    0.013198                       |    0.012739                       |    0.012539                       |    0.009181                       |    0.003450                       |    0.000507                       |    0.015134                       |    0.011381                       |    0.008137                       |           0                       |    0.003435                       |    0.007153                       |           0                       |    0.013990                       |    0.009460                       |    0.006845                       |           0                       |    0.003450                       |           0                       |    0.007540                       |    0.004757                       |    0.004174                       |           0                       |    0.003439                       |           0                       |    0.003753                       |    0.002898                       |           0                       |    0.003508                       |           0                       |    0.001684                       |    0.003839                       |    0.003519                       |    0.009214                       |    0.003470                       |    0.000506                       |    0.008793                       |    0.004905                       |    0.011937                       |    0.003535                       |    0.008951                       |    0.003427                       |    0.000488                       |    0.005388                       |    0.012689                       |    0.017066                       |    0.004514                       |    0.025445                       |    0.005225                       |    0.003576                       |    0.009649                       |    0.017900                       |    0.026756                       |    0.009938                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003466                       |    0.007478                       |    0.010363                       |    0.018060                       |    0.017119                       |    0.010199                       |    0.008136                       |    0.003428                       |    0.000440                       |    0.007831                       |    0.012820                       |    0.009828                       |    0.005427                       |           0                       |    0.003443                       |           0                       |    0.002922                       |    0.007535                       |    0.004853                       |    0.004820                       |           0                       |    0.003447                       |           0                       |    0.001580                       |    0.003773                       |    0.003522                       |           0                       |    0.003445                       |           0                       |    0.000821                       |    0.003765                       |    0.003426                       |           0                       |    0.003475                       |           0                       |    0.009706                       |    0.004172                       |    0.006489                       |    0.003409                       |           0                       |    0.003526                       |    0.007153                       |           0                       |    0.005998                       |    0.011724                       |    0.011512                       |    0.003410                       |    0.009056                       |    0.003431                       |    0.000495                       |    0.017808                       |    0.013288                       |    0.009486                       |    0.003453                       |    0.009558                       |    0.003419                       |    0.000533                       |    0.007691                       |    0.015144                       |    0.009375                       |    0.003437                       |           0                       |    0.003517                       |    0.007146                       |           0                       |    0.006520                       |    0.014062                       |    0.008226                       |    0.003452                       |           0                       |    0.003426                       |           0                       |    0.002036                       |    0.007501                       |    0.004141                       |    0.003443                       |           0                       |    0.003437                       |           0                       |    0.000798                       |    0.003744                       |    0.003429                       |           0                       |    0.003426                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003736                       |           0                       |    0.003409                       |           0                       |    0.004410                       |           0                       |    0.006391                       |           0                       |    0.003410                       |           0                       |    0.004819                       |    0.003347                       |    0.007917                       |           0                       |    0.003453                       |           0                       |    0.009867                       |    0.005965                       |    0.005052                       |           0                       |    0.003437                       |           0                       |    0.004519                       |    0.009193                       |    0.003846                       |           0                       |    0.003452                       |           0                       |    0.006394                       |    0.008738                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003443                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007519                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003429                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003763                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.254324                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8087510                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8087510                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343240                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5840896                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5312799                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.958630                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          602129                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30780                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             13411830                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73172                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14757211                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138474                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13485002                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14895685                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  28169041                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211646                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              28380687                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9516795                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9540                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9526335                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9516795                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9540                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9526335                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                183548904                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31574725                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               49746276                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8087510                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5914928                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             146826644                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785250                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177184                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       279555                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       331724                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9516190                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189431                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    179727310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.503232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.708564                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        161665063     89.95%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1836784      1.02%     90.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2569101      1.43%     92.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           717539      0.40%     92.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3945291      2.20%     95.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1025005      0.57%     95.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1463665      0.81%     96.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           410062      0.23%     96.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6094800      3.39%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    179727310                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.044062                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.271025                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11507667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     155615614                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6113787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6097610                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392625                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       86856969                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392625                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13999659                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        95008107                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10675034                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9481301                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      50170577                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       85289074                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59381                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5156937                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     90736065                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     201827522                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    128007110                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      79568973                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11167062                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292603                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296310                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          40125699                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7006990                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     15072910                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1595294                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1432439                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           83753037                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       558133                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          87657493                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270804                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8346714                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13317987                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96403                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    179727310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    144424907     80.36%     80.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14431984      8.03%     88.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7265725      4.04%     92.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4597581      2.56%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3745345      2.08%     97.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2570936      1.43%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023742      1.13%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413916      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253174      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    179727310                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104550     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784950     77.88%     88.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118352     11.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338334      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      59302776     67.65%     68.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43646      0.05%     68.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12985263     14.81%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14935411     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       87657493                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.477570                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007852                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011498                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    356320670                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     92665528                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     80334012                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       88326870                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1742687                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209438                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2680                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8186                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7649790                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392625                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5342164                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84136376                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     84311170                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7006990                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15072910                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       549278                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          92779                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8186                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123957                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282435                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406392                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      87046346                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12794770                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400481                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27568917                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6763930                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14774147                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.474241                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               80434638                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              80334117                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          41847350                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          66428976                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.437671                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.629956                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8532220                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       461730                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356453                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    178314534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.336309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    150296714     84.29%     84.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     12067970      6.77%     91.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6725932      3.77%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2504526      1.40%     96.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1508645      0.85%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1045570      0.59%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508686      0.29%     97.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904328      0.51%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2752163      1.54%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    178314534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42958477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       75695558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               20313218                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5797547                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6319604                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          75294471                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       523988                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     55141600     72.85%     73.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5797547      7.66%     80.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14515671     19.18%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     75695558                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2752163                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            259657619                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           169879004                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85060                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3821594                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42958477                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              75695558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.272705                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.272705                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.234044                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.234044                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        132724817                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        58406862                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32170264                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25950771                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        41414015                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               5836898500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            5836898499.999996                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8436970                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        49.692244                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       34.432423                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       57.920463                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     7787049     92.30%     92.30% |      494433      5.86%     98.16% |      119736      1.42%     99.58% |       28961      0.34%     99.92% |        6307      0.07%     99.99% |         449      0.01%    100.00% |          33      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8436970                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8462139                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.121389                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.833354                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.729474                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5527468     65.32%     65.32% |     2911248     34.40%     99.72% |       22069      0.26%     99.98% |        1249      0.01%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8462139                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        254588                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.542198                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.636502                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.592176                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        4624      1.82%      1.82% |       30316     11.91%     13.72% |       86557     34.00%     47.72% |       59719     23.46%     71.18% |       52788     20.73%     91.91% |       16060      6.31%     98.22% |        3909      1.54%     99.76% |         549      0.22%     99.97% |          63      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          254588                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9177157                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           44.494704                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           6.679346                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         124.020667                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     9157787     99.79%     99.79% |       17729      0.19%     99.98% |        1494      0.02%    100.00% |         132      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9177157                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      7319301                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.045779                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.032752                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.362078                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7171161     97.98%     97.98% |       52614      0.72%     98.69% |       39504      0.54%     99.23% |       26784      0.37%     99.60% |       23133      0.32%     99.92% |        6063      0.08%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        7319301                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1857856                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     207.788931                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    149.840113                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    206.260735                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1838486     98.96%     98.96% |       17729      0.95%     99.91% |        1494      0.08%     99.99% |         132      0.01%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1857856                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         15234773                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           18.657622                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.000960                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          74.418949                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    15177611     99.62%     99.62% |       47782      0.31%     99.94% |        7123      0.05%     99.99% |        1607      0.01%    100.00% |         455      0.00%    100.00% |         115      0.00%    100.00% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           15234773                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     14177521                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.006185                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.004831                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.109005                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14121961     99.61%     99.61% |       31213      0.22%     99.83% |       17318      0.12%     99.95% |        6286      0.04%     99.99% |         737      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       14177521                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1057252                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     228.540015                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    186.033758                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    180.189520                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1000090     94.59%     94.59% |       47782      4.52%     99.11% |        7123      0.67%     99.79% |        1607      0.15%     99.94% |         455      0.04%     99.98% |         115      0.01%     99.99% |          51      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1057252                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9509862                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.086137                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.128596                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.644499                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9507065     99.97%     99.97% |        2548      0.03%    100.00% |         222      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9509862                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9386386                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9386386    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9386386                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123476                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.651981                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.036928                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.467840                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      120679     97.73%     97.73% |        2548      2.06%     99.80% |         222      0.18%     99.98% |          24      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123476                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227044                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.968724                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741378                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.216532                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223077     98.25%     98.25% |        3057      1.35%     99.60% |         776      0.34%     99.94% |          70      0.03%     99.97% |          29      0.01%     99.98% |          29      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227044                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212195                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212096     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212195                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14849                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.546434                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.654545                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.393864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.28%     73.28% |        3057     20.59%     93.87% |         776      5.23%     99.10% |          70      0.47%     99.57% |          29      0.20%     99.76% |          29      0.20%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14849                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       619035                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     11428322                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        50690                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    46319                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    49354                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    48323                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    45378                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    47833                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    52607                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    47172                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    48757                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  70717                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  80074                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  77612                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  67572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  79009                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  84616                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  77752                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  81683                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   193348                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   214860                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   207921                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   187002                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   212230                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   225321                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   208932                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   216456                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               117036                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               129428                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               125935                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               112950                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               126842                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               137223                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               124924                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               130440                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                22210953                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                23639150                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                22956584                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                21299494                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                21763784                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                23291456                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                22802608                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                22634997                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  226608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  251360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  243744                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  218991                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  247549                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  264677                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  243734                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  253262                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  83776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  92928                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  90112                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  80961                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  91523                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  97867                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  90122                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  93634                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                26811                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                26723                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                26631                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                27229                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                26504                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                28296                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                25461                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                26194                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             199797                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             224637                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses             217113                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             191762                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             221045                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             236381                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses             218273                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             227068                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               19508                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               22631                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               21692                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               18149                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               21329                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               24311                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               21711                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               22563                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             64268                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             70297                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             68420                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             62812                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             70194                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             73556                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             68411                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             71071                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      119                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      132                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      115                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      130                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      139                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      128                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      133                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               11487439                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               11503449                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               11552703                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               11500975                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles               11552215                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               11566531                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               11526360                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               11497647                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1904                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    2112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    2048                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1840                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    2080                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    2224                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    2048                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    2128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles              10552672                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles              10504436                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles              10566154                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles              10577863                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles              10550469                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles              10499607                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles              10523561                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles              10489356                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            4888693                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            5426405                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            5276176                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            4724701                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            5351629                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            5736221                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            5268235                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            5477141                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3699305                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              3851028                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3726134                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3624269                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3782831                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3951196                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3768630                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3818451                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time         10552672                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time         10504436                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time         10566154                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time         10577863                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time         10550469                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time         10499607                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time         10523561                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time         10489356                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       4877045                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       5409810                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       5245817                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       4713100                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       5327806                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       5696594                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       5245850                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       5450749                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3604281                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3697355                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         3630667                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3559321                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         3669661                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3767575                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         3651856                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3694402                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time           10899355                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time           10871832                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time           10941919                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time           10939642                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time           10920095                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time           10905721                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time           10933700                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time           10867773                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles             16719                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         11396306                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         11376453                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles         11409399                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         11333506                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         11381831                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         11372256                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         11370125                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11317295                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             70717                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             80074                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             77612                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             67572                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             79009                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             84616                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             77752                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             81683                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              5879                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              6850                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              6369                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              5937                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              6203                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              7177                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              6006                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              6269                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              7818                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              7965                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              7361                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              8743                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              7397                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              7887                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              6257                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              6635                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      329766     25.38%     25.38% |      323360     24.88%     50.26% |      323387     24.89%     75.15% |      322913     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1299426                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180297     25.70%     25.70% |      173784     24.77%     50.47% |      173780     24.77%     75.24% |      173706     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701567                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      329791     25.38%     25.38% |      323360     24.88%     50.26% |      323387     24.89%     75.15% |      322912     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1299450                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186114     25.68%     25.68% |      179605     24.78%     50.45% |      179606     24.78%     75.23% |      179533     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724858                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141277     25.00%     25.00% |      141384     25.02%     50.02% |      141415     25.03%     75.05% |      141015     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       565091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      329766     25.38%     25.38% |      323360     24.88%     50.26% |      323387     24.89%     75.15% |      322913     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1299426                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180061     25.69%     25.69% |      173605     24.77%     50.47% |      173606     24.77%     75.24% |      173533     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700805                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141277     25.00%     25.00% |      141384     25.02%     50.02% |      141415     25.03%     75.05% |      141015     24.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       565091                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      329766     25.38%     25.38% |      323360     24.88%     50.26% |      323387     24.89%     75.15% |      322912     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1299425                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180061     25.69%     25.69% |      173605     24.77%     50.47% |      173606     24.77%     75.24% |      173533     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700805                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     7228427     78.69%     78.69% |          18      0.00%     78.69% |      227340      2.47%     81.16% |      252384      2.75%     83.91% |      244775      2.66%     86.57% |      219730      2.39%     88.97% |      248506      2.71%     91.67% |      265863      2.89%     94.56% |      244933      2.67%     97.23% |      254415      2.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9186391                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9509919    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9509919                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14742487     95.30%     95.30% |           0      0.00%     95.30% |       84335      0.55%     95.85% |       93635      0.61%     96.45% |       90874      0.59%     97.04% |       81555      0.53%     97.57% |       92205      0.60%     98.16% |       98683      0.64%     98.80% |       90919      0.59%     99.39% |       94379      0.61%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15469072                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17034     10.22%     10.22% |          18      0.01%     10.23% |       17211     10.33%     20.56% |       19506     11.71%     32.27% |       18169     10.90%     43.17% |       16717     10.03%     53.20% |       19404     11.64%     64.85% |       19049     11.43%     76.28% |       19382     11.63%     87.91% |       20144     12.09%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       166634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      808150     26.33%     26.33% |           0      0.00%     26.33% |      264542      8.62%     34.95% |      291049      9.48%     44.43% |      283444      9.23%     53.66% |      256716      8.36%     62.02% |      286793      9.34%     71.37% |      303308      9.88%     81.25% |      283003      9.22%     90.47% |      292626      9.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3069631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3235     11.99%     11.99% |        3526     13.07%     25.05% |        3258     12.07%     37.13% |        3157     11.70%     48.83% |        3450     12.78%     61.61% |        3584     13.28%     74.89% |        3219     11.93%     86.82% |        3556     13.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        26985                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6960     11.42%     11.42% |        8209     13.46%     24.88% |        7459     12.23%     37.12% |        6856     11.25%     48.36% |        7823     12.83%     61.19% |        7832     12.85%     74.04% |        7456     12.23%     86.27% |        8372     13.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        60969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      189662     11.59%     11.59% |          16      0.00%     11.59% |      169909     10.38%     21.98% |      186846     11.42%     33.40% |      181750     11.11%     44.51% |      164782     10.07%     54.58% |      182575     11.16%     65.73% |      197175     12.05%     77.79% |      177860     10.87%     88.66% |      185604     11.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1636179                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        6864     11.26%     11.26% |        7491     12.29%     23.55% |        7522     12.34%     35.89% |        6528     10.71%     46.59% |        8232     13.50%     60.09% |        7477     12.26%     72.36% |        8580     14.07%     86.43% |        8273     13.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        60969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622872     45.92%     45.92% |           0      0.00%     45.92% |       85928      6.34%     52.26% |       93750      6.91%     59.17% |       91699      6.76%     65.93% |       83982      6.19%     72.13% |       93574      6.90%     79.02% |       95115      7.01%     86.04% |       93899      6.92%     92.96% |       95473      7.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1356292                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      686042     26.24%     26.24% |           0      0.00%     26.24% |      226961      8.68%     34.92% |      247990      9.49%     44.41% |      242725      9.28%     53.70% |      220602      8.44%     62.13% |      243639      9.32%     71.45% |      260826      9.98%     81.43% |      238591      9.13%     90.56% |      246855      9.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2614231                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      189134     10.19%     10.19% |           9      0.00%     10.19% |      194960     10.50%     20.69% |      214767     11.57%     32.25% |      208837     11.25%     43.50% |      189013     10.18%     53.68% |      211606     11.40%     65.07% |      224320     12.08%     77.15% |      208501     11.23%     88.38% |      215755     11.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1856902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120991    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120991                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498921     46.54%     46.54% |           0      0.00%     46.54% |       67733      6.32%     52.86% |       73300      6.84%     59.70% |       72131      6.73%     66.43% |       66275      6.18%     72.61% |       72750      6.79%     79.40% |       75446      7.04%     86.43% |       71838      6.70%     93.13% |       73592      6.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1071986                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      6.91%      6.91% |           0      0.00%      6.91% |       17061     10.67%     17.58% |       19418     12.14%     29.72% |       18098     11.32%     41.03% |       16578     10.37%     51.40% |       19329     12.09%     63.48% |       19011     11.89%     75.37% |       19303     12.07%     87.44% |       20088     12.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       159937                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         945     99.06%     99.06% |           9      0.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2486    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          58     47.54%     47.54% |           0      0.00%     47.54% |           8      6.56%     54.10% |          20     16.39%     70.49% |           3      2.46%     72.95% |           4      3.28%     76.23% |          25     20.49%     96.72% |           1      0.82%     97.54% |           0      0.00%     97.54% |           3      2.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1607      5.55%      5.55% |           0      0.00%      5.55% |        3342     11.54%     17.09% |        3561     12.30%     29.39% |        3296     11.38%     40.78% |        3245     11.21%     51.99% |        3467     11.97%     63.96% |        3584     12.38%     76.34% |        3268     11.29%     87.63% |        3582     12.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        28952                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     19.82%     19.82% |           0      0.00%     19.82% |        4186     10.11%     29.93% |        4394     10.61%     40.55% |        3796      9.17%     49.71% |        3844      9.28%     59.00% |        4603     11.12%     70.12% |        3901      9.42%     79.54% |        3868      9.34%     88.88% |        4604     11.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        41403                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9386386    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9386386                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3461     97.36%     97.36% |           2      0.06%     97.41% |          15      0.42%     97.83% |          15      0.42%     98.26% |           4      0.11%     98.37% |          24      0.68%     99.04% |          12      0.34%     99.38% |           9      0.25%     99.63% |           9      0.25%     99.89% |           4      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3555                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     29.98%     29.98% |           0      0.00%     29.98% |       31878      7.94%     37.91% |       36004      8.97%     46.88% |       34435      8.58%     55.46% |       30929      7.70%     63.16% |       36738      9.15%     72.31% |       34844      8.68%     80.98% |       37968      9.45%     90.44% |       38398      9.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       401568                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     4232249     94.45%     94.45% |           0      0.00%     94.45% |       27430      0.61%     95.06% |       32167      0.72%     95.78% |       31079      0.69%     96.47% |       26103      0.58%     97.06% |       31311      0.70%     97.75% |       36435      0.81%     98.57% |       31343      0.70%     99.27% |       32873      0.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      4480990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35526    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35526                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2287     89.30%     89.30% |          16      0.62%     89.93% |          53      2.07%     92.00% |          32      1.25%     93.24% |          35      1.37%     94.61% |          59      2.30%     96.92% |          14      0.55%     97.46% |          11      0.43%     97.89% |          31      1.21%     99.10% |          23      0.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2561                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      151760      9.88%      9.88% |           0      0.00%      9.88% |      162763     10.60%     20.48% |      178456     11.62%     32.10% |      174107     11.34%     43.43% |      157742     10.27%     53.70% |      174591     11.37%     65.07% |      189203     12.32%     77.39% |      170226     11.08%     88.47% |      177069     11.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1535917                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6929     11.42%     11.42% |        8170     13.47%     24.89% |        7427     12.24%     37.13% |        6819     11.24%     48.37% |        7785     12.83%     61.20% |        7785     12.83%     74.03% |        7425     12.24%     86.26% |        8334     13.74%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        60674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2796908    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2796908                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    14207834     98.97%     98.97% |           0      0.00%     98.97% |       16015      0.11%     99.08% |       19590      0.14%     99.22% |       17962      0.13%     99.34% |       14662      0.10%     99.45% |       18729      0.13%     99.58% |       22393      0.16%     99.73% |       18258      0.13%     99.86% |       20023      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14355466                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         235     41.16%     41.16% |           0      0.00%     41.16% |          82     14.36%     55.52% |          39      6.83%     62.35% |          31      5.43%     67.78% |          54      9.46%     77.23% |          49      8.58%     85.81% |          18      3.15%     88.97% |          37      6.48%     95.45% |          26      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          571                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534282     49.55%     49.55% |           0      0.00%     49.55% |       64198      5.95%     55.50% |       69534      6.45%     61.95% |       68618      6.36%     68.31% |       62860      5.83%     74.14% |       69048      6.40%     80.55% |       71623      6.64%     87.19% |       68365      6.34%     93.53% |       69786      6.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1078314                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3234     11.99%     11.99% |        3523     13.07%     25.06% |        3255     12.07%     37.13% |        3153     11.69%     48.83% |        3445     12.78%     61.61% |        3577     13.27%     74.87% |        3219     11.94%     86.81% |        3556     13.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        26962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      0.73%      0.73% |           0      0.00%      0.73% |        1656     10.19%     10.92% |        2290     14.09%     25.01% |        1877     11.55%     36.56% |        1253      7.71%     44.27% |        2020     12.43%     56.70% |        2464     15.16%     71.86% |        2110     12.98%     84.84% |        2463     15.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        16252                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      189662     11.59%     11.59% |          16      0.00%     11.59% |      169909     10.38%     21.98% |      186844     11.42%     33.40% |      181750     11.11%     44.51% |      164782     10.07%     54.58% |      182575     11.16%     65.73% |      197175     12.05%     77.79% |      177860     10.87%     88.66% |      185604     11.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1636177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        6864     11.26%     11.26% |        7491     12.29%     23.55% |        7522     12.34%     35.89% |        6528     10.71%     46.59% |        8232     13.50%     60.09% |        7477     12.26%     72.36% |        8580     14.07%     86.43% |        8273     13.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        60969                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123893     43.60%     43.60% |           0      0.00%     43.60% |       18187      6.40%     50.00% |       20430      7.19%     57.18% |       19565      6.88%     64.07% |       17703      6.23%     70.30% |       20799      7.32%     77.62% |       19668      6.92%     84.54% |       22061      7.76%     92.30% |       21878      7.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       284184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           8      0.09%      0.09% |           0      0.00%      0.09% |         705      8.17%      8.26% |        1204     13.95%     22.22% |        1111     12.88%     35.10% |         687      7.96%     43.06% |         929     10.77%     53.82% |        1590     18.43%     72.25% |        1066     12.36%     84.61% |        1328     15.39%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total         8628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498979     46.54%     46.54% |           0      0.00%     46.54% |       67741      6.32%     52.86% |       73320      6.84%     59.70% |       72134      6.73%     66.43% |       66279      6.18%     72.61% |       72775      6.79%     79.40% |       75447      7.04%     86.43% |       71838      6.70%     93.14% |       73595      6.86%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1072108                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         984     10.66%     10.66% |           0      0.00%     10.66% |         764      8.28%     18.93% |        1054     11.42%     30.35% |        1063     11.51%     41.87% |         770      8.34%     50.21% |         986     10.68%     60.89% |        1207     13.07%     73.96% |        1221     13.23%     87.19% |        1183     12.81%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         9232                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         127      2.13%      2.13% |           0      0.00%      2.13% |         579      9.73%     11.86% |         725     12.18%     24.05% |         778     13.07%     37.12% |         614     10.32%     47.44% |         701     11.78%     59.22% |         843     14.17%     73.38% |         823     13.83%     87.21% |         761     12.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         5951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           2     25.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           2     25.00%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           3     13.04%     17.39% |           3     13.04%     30.43% |           4     17.39%     47.83% |           5     21.74%     69.57% |           7     30.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          31     10.58%     10.58% |          39     13.31%     23.89% |          32     10.92%     34.81% |          37     12.63%     47.44% |          38     12.97%     60.41% |          47     16.04%     76.45% |          31     10.58%     87.03% |          38     12.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          293                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      686042     26.25%     26.25% |           0      0.00%     26.25% |      226929      8.68%     34.93% |      247948      9.49%     44.41% |      242689      9.28%     53.70% |      220559      8.44%     62.14% |      243596      9.32%     71.45% |      260772      9.98%     81.43% |      238558      9.13%     90.56% |      246814      9.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2613907                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          32      9.88%      9.88% |          42     12.96%     22.84% |          36     11.11%     33.95% |          43     13.27%     47.22% |          43     13.27%     60.49% |          54     16.67%     77.16% |          33     10.19%     87.35% |          41     12.65%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          324                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3856      3.12%      3.12% |        3691      2.99%      6.11% |        3428      2.77%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.71% |        3476      2.81%     14.52% |        3971      3.21%     17.74% |        3700      2.99%     20.73% |        3315      2.68%     23.42% |        3509      2.84%     26.26% |        5107      4.13%     30.39% |        3873      3.13%     33.52% |        3791      3.07%     36.59% |        3481      2.82%     39.41% |        4382      3.55%     42.95% |        3832      3.10%     46.06% |        3778      3.06%     49.11% |        4112      3.33%     52.44% |        4148      3.36%     55.80% |        3655      2.96%     58.76% |        3334      2.70%     61.45% |        3070      2.48%     63.94% |        3734      3.02%     66.96% |        3513      2.84%     69.80% |        3355      2.72%     72.52% |        3600      2.91%     75.43% |        3720      3.01%     78.44% |        3238      2.62%     81.06% |        4609      3.73%     84.79% |        3994      3.23%     88.03% |        5246      4.25%     92.27% |        5109      4.13%     96.41% |        4439      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123561                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      118043      6.34%      6.34% |       57105      3.07%      9.41% |       55902      3.00%     12.42% |       56691      3.05%     15.47% |       56044      3.01%     18.48% |       55942      3.01%     21.48% |       55513      2.98%     24.47% |       55507      2.98%     27.45% |       55535      2.98%     30.44% |       56121      3.02%     33.45% |       57840      3.11%     36.56% |       57102      3.07%     39.63% |       56459      3.03%     42.67% |       55769      3.00%     45.66% |       55086      2.96%     48.62% |       55313      2.97%     51.60% |       56299      3.03%     54.62% |       56037      3.01%     57.64% |       56154      3.02%     60.65% |       56262      3.02%     63.68% |       56235      3.02%     66.70% |       57374      3.08%     69.78% |       56458      3.03%     72.82% |       55632      2.99%     75.81% |       55833      3.00%     78.81% |       56342      3.03%     81.84% |       55726      3.00%     84.83% |       55472      2.98%     87.82% |       55970      3.01%     90.82% |       55499      2.98%     93.81% |       56108      3.02%     96.82% |       59122      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1860495                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       42301      3.95%      3.95% |       33397      3.11%      7.06% |       33112      3.09%     10.15% |       33219      3.10%     13.25% |       32951      3.07%     16.32% |       32986      3.08%     19.40% |       33254      3.10%     22.50% |       32885      3.07%     25.57% |       33056      3.08%     28.65% |       33720      3.14%     31.79% |       33000      3.08%     34.87% |       32907      3.07%     37.94% |       33091      3.09%     41.03% |       32831      3.06%     44.09% |       32785      3.06%     47.15% |       32799      3.06%     50.21% |       33024      3.08%     53.29% |       33076      3.08%     56.37% |       33380      3.11%     59.48% |       33194      3.10%     62.58% |       33084      3.09%     65.67% |       34286      3.20%     68.86% |       33091      3.09%     71.95% |       33138      3.09%     75.04% |       33197      3.10%     78.14% |       33223      3.10%     81.23% |       33309      3.11%     84.34% |       33109      3.09%     87.43% |       32913      3.07%     90.50% |       33088      3.09%     93.59% |       35179      3.28%     96.87% |       33598      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1072183                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      150401      5.75%      5.75% |       80650      3.08%      8.84% |       79189      3.03%     11.87% |       79973      3.06%     14.93% |       79264      3.03%     17.96% |       79102      3.03%     20.98% |       78970      3.02%     24.00% |       78538      3.00%     27.01% |       78705      3.01%     30.02% |       79894      3.06%     33.07% |       80847      3.09%     36.17% |       80080      3.06%     39.23% |       79523      3.04%     42.27% |       78602      3.01%     45.28% |       77780      2.97%     48.25% |       78128      2.99%     51.24% |       79323      3.03%     54.27% |       79048      3.02%     57.30% |       79465      3.04%     60.34% |       79512      3.04%     63.38% |       79233      3.03%     66.41% |       81558      3.12%     69.53% |       79453      3.04%     72.57% |       78743      3.01%     75.58% |       79076      3.02%     78.60% |       79604      3.04%     81.65% |       79125      3.03%     84.67% |       78675      3.01%     87.68% |       79098      3.03%     90.71% |       78815      3.01%     93.72% |       81410      3.11%     96.84% |       82682      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2614466                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      5.13%      5.13% |           0      0.00%      5.13% |           0      0.00%      5.13% |           0      0.00%      5.13% |           1      2.56%      7.69% |           7     17.95%     25.64% |           2      5.13%     30.77% |           2      5.13%     35.90% |           0      0.00%     35.90% |           0      0.00%     35.90% |           2      5.13%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           1      2.56%     43.59% |           1      2.56%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           1      2.56%     48.72% |           1      2.56%     51.28% |           0      0.00%     51.28% |           4     10.26%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           2      5.13%     66.67% |           1      2.56%     69.23% |           1      2.56%     71.79% |           1      2.56%     74.36% |           3      7.69%     82.05% |           2      5.13%     87.18% |           0      0.00%     87.18% |           2      5.13%     92.31% |           2      5.13%     97.44% |           1      2.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total           39                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28180      4.02%      4.02% |       21679      3.09%      7.12% |       21697      3.10%     10.21% |       21684      3.10%     13.31% |       21666      3.09%     16.40% |       21675      3.09%     19.50% |       21683      3.10%     22.59% |       21683      3.10%     25.69% |       21690      3.10%     28.78% |       21696      3.10%     31.88% |       21714      3.10%     34.98% |       21697      3.10%     38.08% |       21670      3.09%     41.17% |       21683      3.10%     44.26% |       21679      3.09%     47.36% |       21672      3.09%     50.45% |       21705      3.10%     53.55% |       21695      3.10%     56.65% |       21700      3.10%     59.74% |       21693      3.10%     62.84% |       21677      3.09%     65.93% |       21707      3.10%     69.03% |       21701      3.10%     72.13% |       21691      3.10%     75.23% |       21712      3.10%     78.33% |       21708      3.10%     81.43% |       21706      3.10%     84.52% |       21683      3.10%     87.62% |       21693      3.10%     90.71% |       21687      3.10%     93.81% |       21685      3.10%     96.91% |       21676      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700567                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17797      3.15%      3.15% |       17684      3.13%      6.28% |       17702      3.13%      9.41% |       17648      3.12%     12.53% |       17632      3.12%     15.65% |       17642      3.12%     18.77% |       17641      3.12%     21.89% |       17687      3.13%     25.02% |       17658      3.12%     28.14% |       17671      3.13%     31.27% |       17733      3.14%     34.40% |       17637      3.12%     37.52% |       17685      3.13%     40.65% |       17707      3.13%     43.78% |       17692      3.13%     46.91% |       17650      3.12%     50.04% |       17634      3.12%     53.15% |       17668      3.13%     56.28% |       17663      3.12%     59.40% |       17621      3.12%     62.52% |       17638      3.12%     65.64% |       17721      3.13%     68.78% |       17683      3.13%     71.90% |       17614      3.12%     75.02% |       17654      3.12%     78.14% |       17686      3.13%     81.27% |       17702      3.13%     84.40% |       17588      3.11%     87.51% |       17647      3.12%     90.63% |       17680      3.13%     93.76% |       17640      3.12%     96.88% |       17624      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       565329                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47088      3.62%      3.62% |       40411      3.11%      6.73% |       40445      3.11%      9.85% |       40378      3.11%     12.95% |       40342      3.10%     16.06% |       40362      3.11%     19.16% |       40370      3.11%     22.27% |       40416      3.11%     25.38% |       40394      3.11%     28.49% |       40414      3.11%     31.60% |       40492      3.12%     34.72% |       40379      3.11%     37.82% |       40400      3.11%     40.93% |       40435      3.11%     44.04% |       40416      3.11%     47.15% |       40367      3.11%     50.26% |       40384      3.11%     53.37% |       40409      3.11%     56.48% |       40409      3.11%     59.59% |       40360      3.11%     62.69% |       40361      3.11%     65.80% |       40475      3.11%     68.92% |       40430      3.11%     72.03% |       40350      3.11%     75.13% |       40412      3.11%     78.24% |       40441      3.11%     81.35% |       40454      3.11%     84.47% |       40315      3.10%     87.57% |       40385      3.11%     90.68% |       40413      3.11%     93.79% |       40371      3.11%     96.90% |       40347      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1299425                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46064      3.64%      3.64% |       39387      3.11%      6.75% |       39421      3.11%      9.86% |       39354      3.11%     12.97% |       39318      3.10%     16.07% |       39338      3.11%     19.18% |       39346      3.11%     22.28% |       39392      3.11%     25.39% |       39370      3.11%     28.50% |       39390      3.11%     31.61% |       39468      3.12%     34.73% |       39355      3.11%     37.83% |       39376      3.11%     40.94% |       39411      3.11%     44.05% |       39392      3.11%     47.16% |       39343      3.11%     50.27% |       39360      3.11%     53.38% |       39385      3.11%     56.48% |       39385      3.11%     59.59% |       39336      3.11%     62.70% |       39337      3.11%     65.81% |       39451      3.11%     68.92% |       39406      3.11%     72.03% |       39326      3.10%     75.14% |       39388      3.11%     78.25% |       39417      3.11%     81.36% |       39430      3.11%     84.47% |       39291      3.10%     87.57% |       39361      3.11%     90.68% |       39389      3.11%     93.79% |       39347      3.11%     96.90% |       39323      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1266657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          69     11.90%     11.90% |          17      2.93%     14.83% |          24      4.14%     18.97% |          17      2.93%     21.90% |          15      2.59%     24.48% |           8      1.38%     25.86% |          10      1.72%     27.59% |          13      2.24%     29.83% |          21      3.62%     33.45% |           6      1.03%     34.48% |          18      3.10%     37.59% |          13      2.24%     39.83% |          11      1.90%     41.72% |          13      2.24%     43.97% |           5      0.86%     44.83% |          11      1.90%     46.72% |          16      2.76%     49.48% |           4      0.69%     50.17% |          14      2.41%     52.59% |          28      4.83%     57.41% |          41      7.07%     64.48% |          50      8.62%     73.10% |          13      2.24%     75.34% |          19      3.28%     78.62% |          16      2.76%     81.38% |          13      2.24%     83.62% |          17      2.93%     86.55% |          17      2.93%     89.48% |          18      3.10%     92.59% |          17      2.93%     95.52% |          17      2.93%     98.45% |           9      1.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          580                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1851      3.04%      3.04% |        1859      3.05%      6.09% |        1871      3.07%      9.15% |        1862      3.05%     12.21% |        1843      3.02%     15.23% |        1861      3.05%     18.28% |        1880      3.08%     21.37% |        1907      3.13%     24.49% |        1924      3.16%     27.65% |        1916      3.14%     30.79% |        1956      3.21%     34.00% |        1920      3.15%     37.15% |        1957      3.21%     40.36% |        1945      3.19%     43.55% |        1967      3.23%     46.78% |        1921      3.15%     49.93% |        1957      3.21%     53.14% |        1935      3.17%     56.31% |        1979      3.25%     59.56% |        1948      3.20%     62.75% |        1971      3.23%     65.99% |        1917      3.14%     69.13% |        1926      3.16%     72.29% |        1894      3.11%     75.40% |        1910      3.13%     78.53% |        1878      3.08%     81.61% |        1891      3.10%     84.71% |        1877      3.08%     87.79% |        1852      3.04%     90.83% |        1839      3.02%     93.84% |        1860      3.05%     96.89% |        1894      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        60968                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2751      3.14%      3.14% |        2802      3.20%      6.35% |        2754      3.15%      9.49% |        2810      3.21%     12.71% |        2686      3.07%     15.78% |        2748      3.14%     18.92% |        2714      3.10%     22.02% |        2757      3.15%     25.17% |        2710      3.10%     28.27% |        2741      3.13%     31.40% |        2742      3.13%     34.53% |        2733      3.12%     37.66% |        2696      3.08%     40.74% |        2682      3.07%     43.80% |        2703      3.09%     46.89% |        2694      3.08%     49.97% |        2665      3.05%     53.02% |        2681      3.06%     56.08% |        2715      3.10%     59.19% |        2685      3.07%     62.26% |        2688      3.07%     65.33% |        2695      3.08%     68.41% |        2735      3.13%     71.53% |        2755      3.15%     74.68% |        2738      3.13%     77.81% |        2741      3.13%     80.94% |        2776      3.17%     84.12% |        2773      3.17%     87.29% |        2699      3.08%     90.37% |        2778      3.18%     93.55% |        2770      3.17%     96.71% |        2876      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        87493                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2485      3.16%      3.16% |        2406      3.06%      6.23% |        2431      3.09%      9.32% |        2432      3.10%     12.42% |        2394      3.05%     15.46% |        2388      3.04%     18.50% |        2424      3.09%     21.59% |        2473      3.15%     24.74% |        2449      3.12%     27.85% |        2421      3.08%     30.93% |        2517      3.20%     34.14% |        2464      3.14%     37.28% |        2481      3.16%     40.43% |        2463      3.14%     43.57% |        2510      3.19%     46.76% |        2466      3.14%     49.90% |        2494      3.17%     53.08% |        2469      3.14%     56.22% |        2489      3.17%     59.39% |        2418      3.08%     62.47% |        2426      3.09%     65.55% |        2474      3.15%     68.70% |        2447      3.11%     71.82% |        2433      3.10%     74.91% |        2500      3.18%     78.10% |        2495      3.18%     81.27% |        2481      3.16%     84.43% |        2421      3.08%     87.51% |        2432      3.10%     90.61% |        2432      3.10%     93.70% |        2467      3.14%     96.84% |        2480      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        78562                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1851      3.04%      3.04% |        1859      3.05%      6.09% |        1871      3.07%      9.15% |        1862      3.05%     12.21% |        1843      3.02%     15.23% |        1861      3.05%     18.28% |        1880      3.08%     21.37% |        1907      3.13%     24.49% |        1924      3.16%     27.65% |        1916      3.14%     30.79% |        1956      3.21%     34.00% |        1920      3.15%     37.15% |        1957      3.21%     40.36% |        1945      3.19%     43.55% |        1967      3.23%     46.78% |        1921      3.15%     49.93% |        1957      3.21%     53.14% |        1935      3.17%     56.31% |        1979      3.25%     59.56% |        1947      3.19%     62.75% |        1971      3.23%     65.98% |        1917      3.14%     69.13% |        1926      3.16%     72.29% |        1894      3.11%     75.39% |        1910      3.13%     78.53% |        1880      3.08%     81.61% |        1891      3.10%     84.71% |        1877      3.08%     87.79% |        1852      3.04%     90.83% |        1839      3.02%     93.84% |        1860      3.05%     96.89% |        1894      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        60969                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      153338      5.66%      5.66% |       83557      3.09%      8.75% |       82072      3.03%     11.78% |       82885      3.06%     14.84% |       82131      3.03%     17.87% |       81989      3.03%     20.90% |       81859      3.02%     23.92% |       81456      3.01%     26.93% |       81638      3.01%     29.94% |       82828      3.06%     33.00% |       83826      3.10%     36.10% |       83061      3.07%     39.16% |       82514      3.05%     42.21% |       81577      3.01%     45.22% |       80752      2.98%     48.20% |       81076      2.99%     51.20% |       82285      3.04%     54.23% |       82001      3.03%     57.26% |       82420      3.04%     60.31% |       82507      3.05%     63.35% |       82244      3.04%     66.39% |       84555      3.12%     69.51% |       82393      3.04%     72.55% |       81655      3.01%     75.57% |       81975      3.03%     78.59% |       82504      3.05%     81.64% |       82024      3.03%     84.67% |       81584      3.01%     87.68% |       81982      3.03%     90.71% |       81690      3.02%     93.73% |       84312      3.11%     96.84% |       85618      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2708308                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         471      3.25%      3.25% |         418      2.88%      6.13% |         425      2.93%      9.06% |         421      2.90%     11.97% |         431      2.97%     14.94% |         407      2.81%     17.75% |         430      2.97%     20.71% |         476      3.28%     23.99% |         447      3.08%     27.08% |         432      2.98%     30.06% |         459      3.17%     33.22% |         459      3.17%     36.39% |         488      3.37%     39.75% |         468      3.23%     42.98% |         480      3.31%     46.29% |         468      3.23%     49.52% |         480      3.31%     52.83% |         484      3.34%     56.17% |         482      3.32%     59.49% |         450      3.10%     62.60% |         438      3.02%     65.62% |         463      3.19%     68.81% |         425      2.93%     71.74% |         427      2.95%     74.69% |         475      3.28%     77.96% |         497      3.43%     81.39% |         475      3.28%     84.67% |         429      2.96%     87.63% |         450      3.10%     90.73% |         463      3.19%     93.92% |         457      3.15%     97.08% |         424      2.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14499                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24622      4.23%      4.23% |       18047      3.10%      7.33% |       18073      3.10%     10.43% |       18001      3.09%     13.52% |       17971      3.09%     16.60% |       18005      3.09%     19.70% |       17989      3.09%     22.78% |       17997      3.09%     25.87% |       17993      3.09%     28.96% |       18028      3.10%     32.06% |       18095      3.11%     35.16% |       17957      3.08%     38.25% |       17965      3.08%     41.33% |       18024      3.09%     44.43% |       17995      3.09%     47.52% |       17958      3.08%     50.60% |       17954      3.08%     53.68% |       17969      3.08%     56.77% |       17973      3.09%     59.85% |       17960      3.08%     62.94% |       17949      3.08%     66.02% |       18028      3.10%     69.11% |       18061      3.10%     72.21% |       17973      3.09%     75.30% |       17977      3.09%     78.38% |       17994      3.09%     81.47% |       18019      3.09%     84.57% |       17945      3.08%     87.65% |       17992      3.09%     90.74% |       18005      3.09%     93.83% |       17960      3.08%     96.91% |       17986      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       582465                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21947      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21974      3.13%     65.63% |       21984      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           3     42.86%     57.14% |           1     14.29%     71.43% |           1     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4852      3.14%      3.14% |        4809      3.11%      6.25% |        4768      3.09%      9.34% |        4846      3.14%     12.48% |        4711      3.05%     15.53% |        4764      3.08%     18.61% |        4736      3.07%     21.68% |        4761      3.08%     24.76% |        4786      3.10%     27.86% |        4858      3.14%     31.00% |        4773      3.09%     34.09% |        4762      3.08%     37.18% |        4839      3.13%     40.31% |        4829      3.13%     43.43% |        4878      3.16%     46.59% |        4826      3.12%     49.72% |        4813      3.12%     52.83% |        4923      3.19%     56.02% |        4900      3.17%     59.19% |        4784      3.10%     62.29% |        4859      3.15%     65.43% |        4866      3.15%     68.58% |        4937      3.20%     71.78% |        4905      3.18%     74.95% |        4833      3.13%     78.08% |        4868      3.15%     81.23% |        4837      3.13%     84.37% |        4833      3.13%     87.49% |        4764      3.08%     90.58% |        4779      3.09%     93.67% |        4835      3.13%     96.80% |        4940      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       154474                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           4      1.48%      1.48% |           3      1.11%      2.58% |           8      2.95%      5.54% |           8      2.95%      8.49% |           4      1.48%      9.96% |           6      2.21%     12.18% |           6      2.21%     14.39% |           7      2.58%     16.97% |           5      1.85%     18.82% |           4      1.48%     20.30% |          14      5.17%     25.46% |           8      2.95%     28.41% |          11      4.06%     32.47% |          12      4.43%     36.90% |          11      4.06%     40.96% |           9      3.32%     44.28% |          10      3.69%     47.97% |           7      2.58%     50.55% |          16      5.90%     56.46% |           5      1.85%     58.30% |           9      3.32%     61.62% |          10      3.69%     65.31% |           9      3.32%     68.63% |          14      5.17%     73.80% |          14      5.17%     78.97% |           6      2.21%     81.18% |           9      3.32%     84.50% |          12      4.43%     88.93% |          10      3.69%     92.62% |           7      2.58%     95.20% |           3      1.11%     96.31% |          10      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          271                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2391      3.15%      3.15% |        2328      3.06%      6.21% |        2364      3.11%      9.32% |        2359      3.10%     12.43% |        2335      3.07%     15.50% |        2317      3.05%     18.55% |        2354      3.10%     21.65% |        2399      3.16%     24.80% |        2376      3.13%     27.93% |        2345      3.09%     31.02% |        2412      3.17%     34.19% |        2380      3.13%     37.32% |        2408      3.17%     40.49% |        2375      3.13%     43.62% |        2427      3.19%     46.81% |        2371      3.12%     49.93% |        2412      3.17%     53.11% |        2387      3.14%     56.25% |        2423      3.19%     59.44% |        2348      3.09%     62.53% |        2365      3.11%     65.64% |        2360      3.11%     68.75% |        2356      3.10%     71.85% |        2353      3.10%     74.94% |        2417      3.18%     78.13% |        2415      3.18%     81.30% |        2401      3.16%     84.46% |        2339      3.08%     87.54% |        2350      3.09%     90.63% |        2356      3.10%     93.74% |        2381      3.13%     96.87% |        2379      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        75983                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       86515      8.19%      8.19% |       32205      3.05%     11.23% |       30995      2.93%     14.17% |       31789      3.01%     17.17% |       31331      2.96%     20.14% |       31108      2.94%     23.08% |       30719      2.91%     25.99% |       30666      2.90%     28.89% |       30676      2.90%     31.79% |       31172      2.95%     34.74% |       32824      3.11%     37.85% |       32295      3.06%     40.90% |       31548      2.99%     43.89% |       30809      2.92%     46.81% |       30066      2.84%     49.65% |       30424      2.88%     52.53% |       31415      2.97%     55.50% |       31057      2.94%     58.44% |       31142      2.95%     61.39% |       31417      2.97%     64.36% |       31312      2.96%     67.32% |       32349      3.06%     70.38% |       31341      2.97%     73.35% |       30657      2.90%     76.25% |       30913      2.93%     79.17% |       31392      2.97%     82.15% |       30788      2.91%     85.06% |       30620      2.90%     87.96% |       31181      2.95%     90.91% |       30697      2.90%     93.81% |       31276      2.96%     96.77% |       34132      3.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1056831                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       19493      5.69%      5.69% |       10591      3.09%      8.78% |       10333      3.02%     11.80% |       10393      3.03%     14.83% |       10162      2.97%     17.79% |       10187      2.97%     20.77% |       10470      3.06%     23.82% |       10111      2.95%     26.77% |       10284      3.00%     29.78% |       10918      3.19%     32.96% |       10234      2.99%     35.95% |       10072      2.94%     38.89% |       10267      3.00%     41.89% |       10033      2.93%     44.81% |       10004      2.92%     47.73% |       10022      2.92%     50.66% |       10238      2.99%     53.65% |       10263      3.00%     56.64% |       10582      3.09%     59.73% |       10379      3.03%     62.76% |       10223      2.98%     65.74% |       11443      3.34%     69.08% |       10312      3.01%     72.09% |       10342      3.02%     75.11% |       10414      3.04%     78.15% |       10416      3.04%     81.19% |       10519      3.07%     84.26% |       10313      3.01%     87.27% |       10125      2.96%     90.22% |       10294      3.00%     93.23% |       12382      3.61%     96.84% |       10817      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       342636                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28168      4.02%      4.02% |       21665      3.09%      7.12% |       21681      3.10%     10.21% |       21675      3.10%     13.31% |       21653      3.09%     16.40% |       21668      3.09%     19.50% |       21674      3.10%     22.59% |       21674      3.10%     25.69% |       21676      3.10%     28.78% |       21693      3.10%     31.88% |       21696      3.10%     34.98% |       21690      3.10%     38.08% |       21662      3.09%     41.17% |       21676      3.10%     44.26% |       21675      3.10%     47.36% |       21665      3.09%     50.45% |       21693      3.10%     53.55% |       21693      3.10%     56.65% |       21690      3.10%     59.75% |       21675      3.10%     62.84% |       21664      3.09%     65.94% |       21691      3.10%     69.03% |       21689      3.10%     72.13% |       21679      3.10%     75.23% |       21699      3.10%     78.33% |       21698      3.10%     81.43% |       21694      3.10%     84.52% |       21673      3.10%     87.62% |       21679      3.10%     90.72% |       21674      3.10%     93.81% |       21673      3.10%     96.91% |       21666      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       700221                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15309      3.15%      3.15% |       15275      3.14%      6.29% |       15263      3.14%      9.42% |       15208      3.13%     12.55% |       15236      3.13%     15.68% |       15253      3.13%     18.81% |       15216      3.13%     21.94% |       15210      3.13%     25.07% |       15202      3.12%     28.19% |       15247      3.13%     31.32% |       15216      3.13%     34.45% |       15167      3.12%     37.57% |       15201      3.12%     40.69% |       15238      3.13%     43.82% |       15181      3.12%     46.94% |       15180      3.12%     50.06% |       15136      3.11%     53.17% |       15197      3.12%     56.30% |       15170      3.12%     59.41% |       15192      3.12%     62.54% |       15184      3.12%     65.66% |       15213      3.13%     68.78% |       15235      3.13%     71.91% |       15174      3.12%     75.03% |       15151      3.11%     78.15% |       15190      3.12%     81.27% |       15216      3.13%     84.40% |       15160      3.12%     87.51% |       15211      3.13%     90.64% |       15244      3.13%     93.77% |       15168      3.12%     96.89% |       15145      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       486588                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1851      3.04%      3.04% |        1859      3.05%      6.09% |        1871      3.07%      9.15% |        1862      3.05%     12.21% |        1843      3.02%     15.23% |        1861      3.05%     18.28% |        1880      3.08%     21.37% |        1907      3.13%     24.49% |        1924      3.16%     27.65% |        1916      3.14%     30.79% |        1956      3.21%     34.00% |        1920      3.15%     37.15% |        1957      3.21%     40.36% |        1945      3.19%     43.55% |        1967      3.23%     46.78% |        1921      3.15%     49.93% |        1957      3.21%     53.14% |        1935      3.17%     56.31% |        1979      3.25%     59.56% |        1947      3.19%     62.75% |        1971      3.23%     65.98% |        1917      3.14%     69.13% |        1926      3.16%     72.29% |        1894      3.11%     75.39% |        1910      3.13%     78.53% |        1880      3.08%     81.61% |        1891      3.10%     84.71% |        1877      3.08%     87.79% |        1852      3.04%     90.83% |        1839      3.02%     93.84% |        1860      3.05%     96.89% |        1894      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        60969                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         810      3.00%      3.00% |         853      3.16%      6.16% |         830      3.08%      9.24% |         866      3.21%     12.45% |         846      3.14%     15.58% |         849      3.15%     18.73% |         833      3.09%     21.82% |         831      3.08%     24.90% |         817      3.03%     27.92% |         847      3.14%     31.06% |         827      3.06%     34.13% |         872      3.23%     37.36% |         869      3.22%     40.58% |         854      3.16%     43.74% |         840      3.11%     46.86% |         835      3.09%     49.95% |         834      3.09%     53.04% |         855      3.17%     56.21% |         839      3.11%     59.32% |         865      3.21%     62.52% |         859      3.18%     65.71% |         840      3.11%     68.82% |         834      3.09%     71.91% |         846      3.14%     75.05% |         820      3.04%     78.08% |         855      3.17%     81.25% |         829      3.07%     84.32% |         854      3.16%     87.49% |         841      3.12%     90.61% |         849      3.15%     93.75% |         842      3.12%     96.87% |         844      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        26985                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      150395      5.75%      5.75% |       80644      3.09%      8.84% |       79171      3.03%     11.87% |       79956      3.06%     14.93% |       79256      3.03%     17.96% |       79090      3.03%     20.98% |       78959      3.02%     24.01% |       78523      3.00%     27.01% |       78695      3.01%     30.02% |       79885      3.06%     33.08% |       80818      3.09%     36.17% |       80062      3.06%     39.23% |       79499      3.04%     42.27% |       78576      3.01%     45.28% |       77758      2.97%     48.25% |       78110      2.99%     51.24% |       79300      3.03%     54.27% |       79037      3.02%     57.30% |       79430      3.04%     60.34% |       79498      3.04%     63.38% |       79214      3.03%     66.41% |       81538      3.12%     69.53% |       79435      3.04%     72.57% |       78718      3.01%     75.58% |       79047      3.02%     78.60% |       79589      3.04%     81.65% |       79105      3.03%     84.67% |       78650      3.01%     87.68% |       79080      3.03%     90.71% |       78800      3.01%     93.72% |       81404      3.11%     96.84% |       82665      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2613907                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           1      4.35%      8.70% |           0      0.00%      8.70% |           0      0.00%      8.70% |           0      0.00%      8.70% |           0      0.00%      8.70% |           2      8.70%     17.39% |           0      0.00%     17.39% |           1      4.35%     21.74% |           1      4.35%     26.09% |           0      0.00%     26.09% |           1      4.35%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           0      0.00%     30.43% |           2      8.70%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           2      8.70%     47.83% |           1      4.35%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           0      0.00%     56.52% |           3     13.04%     69.57% |           2      8.70%     78.26% |           0      0.00%     78.26% |           2      8.70%     86.96% |           2      8.70%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          12      3.66%      3.66% |          12      3.66%      7.32% |          15      4.57%     11.89% |           8      2.44%     14.33% |          12      3.66%     17.99% |           5      1.52%     19.51% |           8      2.44%     21.95% |           9      2.74%     24.70% |          14      4.27%     28.96% |           2      0.61%     29.57% |          17      5.18%     34.76% |           7      2.13%     36.89% |           7      2.13%     39.02% |           7      2.13%     41.16% |           3      0.91%     42.07% |           7      2.13%     44.21% |          12      3.66%     47.87% |           2      0.61%     48.48% |           9      2.74%     51.22% |          18      5.49%     56.71% |          13      3.96%     60.67% |          16      4.88%     65.55% |          12      3.66%     69.21% |          12      3.66%     72.87% |          12      3.66%     76.52% |           7      2.13%     78.66% |          12      3.66%     82.32% |          10      3.05%     85.37% |          14      4.27%     89.63% |          13      3.96%     93.60% |          12      3.66%     97.26% |           9      2.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          328                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          97      3.52%      3.52% |          81      2.94%      6.45% |          75      2.72%      9.17% |          81      2.94%     12.11% |          61      2.21%     14.32% |          72      2.61%     16.93% |          71      2.57%     19.51% |          78      2.83%     22.34% |          80      2.90%     25.24% |          79      2.86%     28.10% |         105      3.81%     31.91% |          90      3.26%     35.17% |          76      2.76%     37.93% |          94      3.41%     41.33% |          84      3.05%     44.38% |          99      3.59%     47.97% |          86      3.12%     51.09% |          84      3.05%     54.13% |          70      2.54%     56.67% |          81      2.94%     59.61% |          89      3.23%     62.84% |         148      5.37%     68.20% |          92      3.34%     71.54% |          87      3.15%     74.69% |          86      3.12%     77.81% |          81      2.94%     80.75% |          85      3.08%     83.83% |          89      3.23%     87.06% |          86      3.12%     90.17% |          80      2.90%     93.07% |          91      3.30%     96.37% |         100      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2758                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          25     30.49%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |           0      0.00%     30.49% |          22     26.83%     57.32% |          19     23.17%     80.49% |          16     19.51%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           82                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.88%      0.88% |           0      0.00%      0.88% |           0      0.00%      0.88% |           0      0.00%      0.88% |           2      1.75%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |           0      0.00%      2.63% |          28     24.56%     27.19% |           1      0.88%     28.07% |           0      0.00%     28.07% |           4      3.51%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           0      0.00%     31.58% |           1      0.88%     32.46% |           1      0.88%     33.33% |           1      0.88%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |           0      0.00%     34.21% |          54     47.37%     81.58% |          10      8.77%     90.35% |           0      0.00%     90.35% |           3      2.63%     92.98% |           2      1.75%     94.74% |           1      0.88%     95.61% |           2      1.75%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           2      1.75%     99.12% |           1      0.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          25     92.59%     92.59% |           2      7.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46064      3.64%      3.64% |       39387      3.11%      6.75% |       39421      3.11%      9.86% |       39354      3.11%     12.97% |       39318      3.10%     16.07% |       39338      3.11%     19.18% |       39346      3.11%     22.28% |       39392      3.11%     25.39% |       39370      3.11%     28.50% |       39390      3.11%     31.61% |       39468      3.12%     34.73% |       39355      3.11%     37.83% |       39376      3.11%     40.94% |       39411      3.11%     44.05% |       39392      3.11%     47.16% |       39343      3.11%     50.27% |       39360      3.11%     53.38% |       39385      3.11%     56.48% |       39385      3.11%     59.59% |       39336      3.11%     62.70% |       39337      3.11%     65.81% |       39451      3.11%     68.92% |       39406      3.11%     72.03% |       39326      3.10%     75.14% |       39388      3.11%     78.25% |       39417      3.11%     81.36% |       39430      3.11%     84.47% |       39291      3.10%     87.57% |       39361      3.11%     90.68% |       39389      3.11%     93.79% |       39347      3.11%     96.90% |       39323      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1266657                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           3     50.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          63     18.53%     18.53% |          10      2.94%     21.47% |          14      4.12%     25.59% |           7      2.06%     27.65% |          11      3.24%     30.88% |           3      0.88%     31.76% |           7      2.06%     33.82% |           8      2.35%     36.18% |          12      3.53%     39.71% |           1      0.29%     40.00% |          14      4.12%     44.12% |           7      2.06%     46.18% |           7      2.06%     48.24% |           7      2.06%     50.29% |           3      0.88%     51.18% |           7      2.06%     53.24% |          12      3.53%     56.76% |           1      0.29%     57.06% |           8      2.35%     59.41% |          18      5.29%     64.71% |          12      3.53%     68.24% |          12      3.53%     71.76% |           9      2.65%     74.41% |          12      3.53%     77.94% |          11      3.24%     81.18% |           6      1.76%     82.94% |          11      3.24%     86.18% |           8      2.35%     88.53% |          11      3.24%     91.76% |          11      3.24%     95.00% |          11      3.24%     98.24% |           6      1.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          340                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.14%      7.14% |           2      4.76%     11.90% |           1      2.38%     14.29% |           1      2.38%     16.67% |           1      2.38%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           1      2.38%     26.19% |           1      2.38%     28.57% |           2      4.76%     33.33% |           1      2.38%     35.71% |           3      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      2.38%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      2.38%     50.00% |           4      9.52%     59.52% |           3      7.14%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           1      2.38%     73.81% |           2      4.76%     78.57% |           3      7.14%     85.71% |           2      4.76%     90.48% |           1      2.38%     92.86% |           3      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     14.29%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |          12     85.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      5.56%      5.56% |          17     94.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           6      2.52%      2.52% |           7      2.94%      5.46% |          10      4.20%      9.66% |          10      4.20%     13.87% |           4      1.68%     15.55% |           5      2.10%     17.65% |           3      1.26%     18.91% |           5      2.10%     21.01% |           9      3.78%     24.79% |           5      2.10%     26.89% |           4      1.68%     28.57% |           6      2.52%     31.09% |           4      1.68%     32.77% |           6      2.52%     35.29% |           2      0.84%     36.13% |           4      1.68%     37.82% |           4      1.68%     39.50% |           3      1.26%     40.76% |           6      2.52%     43.28% |          10      4.20%     47.48% |          29     12.18%     59.66% |          38     15.97%     75.63% |           4      1.68%     77.31% |           7      2.94%     80.25% |           5      2.10%     82.35% |           5      2.10%     84.45% |           6      2.52%     86.97% |           9      3.78%     90.76% |           7      2.94%     93.70% |           6      2.52%     96.22% |           6      2.52%     98.74% |           3      1.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          238                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          91      3.61%      3.61% |          74      2.94%      6.55% |          65      2.58%      9.13% |          71      2.82%     11.95% |          57      2.26%     14.21% |          67      2.66%     16.87% |          68      2.70%     19.57% |          73      2.90%     22.47% |          71      2.82%     25.29% |          74      2.94%     28.23% |         101      4.01%     32.24% |          84      3.33%     35.57% |          72      2.86%     38.43% |          88      3.49%     41.92% |          82      3.26%     45.18% |          95      3.77%     48.95% |          82      3.26%     52.20% |          81      3.22%     55.42% |          64      2.54%     57.96% |          70      2.78%     60.74% |          60      2.38%     63.12% |         110      4.37%     67.49% |          88      3.49%     70.98% |          80      3.18%     74.16% |          81      3.22%     77.37% |          76      3.02%     80.39% |          79      3.14%     83.53% |          80      3.18%     86.70% |          79      3.14%     89.84% |          74      2.94%     92.77% |          85      3.37%     96.15% |          97      3.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2519                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2751      3.14%      3.14% |        2802      3.20%      6.35% |        2754      3.15%      9.49% |        2810      3.21%     12.71% |        2686      3.07%     15.78% |        2748      3.14%     18.92% |        2714      3.10%     22.02% |        2757      3.15%     25.17% |        2710      3.10%     28.27% |        2741      3.13%     31.40% |        2742      3.13%     34.53% |        2733      3.12%     37.66% |        2696      3.08%     40.74% |        2682      3.07%     43.81% |        2703      3.09%     46.90% |        2694      3.08%     49.97% |        2665      3.05%     53.02% |        2681      3.06%     56.08% |        2715      3.10%     59.19% |        2685      3.07%     62.26% |        2688      3.07%     65.33% |        2695      3.08%     68.41% |        2735      3.13%     71.54% |        2755      3.15%     74.68% |        2738      3.13%     77.81% |        2739      3.13%     80.94% |        2776      3.17%     84.12% |        2773      3.17%     87.29% |        2699      3.08%     90.37% |        2778      3.18%     93.55% |        2770      3.17%     96.71% |        2876      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        87491                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2391      3.15%      3.15% |        2328      3.06%      6.21% |        2364      3.11%      9.32% |        2359      3.10%     12.43% |        2335      3.07%     15.50% |        2317      3.05%     18.55% |        2354      3.10%     21.65% |        2399      3.16%     24.80% |        2376      3.13%     27.93% |        2345      3.09%     31.02% |        2412      3.17%     34.19% |        2380      3.13%     37.32% |        2408      3.17%     40.49% |        2375      3.13%     43.62% |        2427      3.19%     46.81% |        2371      3.12%     49.93% |        2412      3.17%     53.11% |        2387      3.14%     56.25% |        2423      3.19%     59.44% |        2348      3.09%     62.53% |        2365      3.11%     65.64% |        2360      3.11%     68.75% |        2356      3.10%     71.85% |        2353      3.10%     74.94% |        2417      3.18%     78.13% |        2415      3.18%     81.30% |        2401      3.16%     84.46% |        2339      3.08%     87.54% |        2350      3.09%     90.63% |        2356      3.10%     93.74% |        2381      3.13%     96.87% |        2379      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        75983                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          99      3.18%      3.18% |          89      2.86%      6.03% |         112      3.59%      9.62% |         125      4.01%     13.63% |         120      3.85%     17.48% |         110      3.53%     21.01% |         103      3.30%     24.32% |          92      2.95%     27.27% |          86      2.76%     30.03% |          92      2.95%     32.98% |          93      2.98%     35.96% |          98      3.14%     39.11% |          86      2.76%     41.87% |          86      2.76%     44.63% |          99      3.18%     47.80% |         104      3.34%     51.14% |         106      3.40%     54.54% |          99      3.18%     57.72% |          79      2.53%     60.25% |          66      2.12%     62.37% |          73      2.34%     64.71% |          89      2.86%     67.56% |          99      3.18%     70.74% |         113      3.63%     74.37% |         110      3.53%     77.90% |         103      3.30%     81.20% |          92      2.95%     84.15% |          91      2.92%     87.07% |         102      3.27%     90.34% |         100      3.21%     93.55% |         103      3.30%     96.86% |          98      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total         3117                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24523      4.23%      4.23% |       17958      3.10%      7.33% |       17961      3.10%     10.43% |       17876      3.09%     13.52% |       17851      3.08%     16.60% |       17895      3.09%     19.69% |       17886      3.09%     22.78% |       17905      3.09%     25.87% |       17907      3.09%     28.96% |       17936      3.10%     32.05% |       18002      3.11%     35.16% |       17859      3.08%     38.24% |       17879      3.09%     41.33% |       17938      3.10%     44.43% |       17896      3.09%     47.51% |       17854      3.08%     50.60% |       17848      3.08%     53.68% |       17870      3.08%     56.76% |       17894      3.09%     59.85% |       17894      3.09%     62.94% |       17876      3.09%     66.02% |       17939      3.10%     69.12% |       17962      3.10%     72.22% |       17860      3.08%     75.30% |       17867      3.08%     78.39% |       17891      3.09%     81.48% |       17927      3.09%     84.57% |       17854      3.08%     87.65% |       17890      3.09%     90.74% |       17905      3.09%     93.83% |       17857      3.08%     96.91% |       17888      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       579348                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         570      3.24%      3.24% |         507      2.88%      6.11% |         537      3.05%      9.16% |         546      3.10%     12.26% |         551      3.13%     15.39% |         517      2.93%     18.33% |         533      3.03%     21.35% |         568      3.22%     24.58% |         533      3.03%     27.60% |         524      2.97%     30.58% |         552      3.13%     33.71% |         557      3.16%     36.87% |         574      3.26%     40.13% |         554      3.15%     43.28% |         579      3.29%     46.56% |         572      3.25%     49.81% |         586      3.33%     53.14% |         583      3.31%     56.45% |         561      3.18%     59.63% |         516      2.93%     62.56% |         511      2.90%     65.46% |         552      3.13%     68.59% |         524      2.97%     71.57% |         540      3.07%     74.64% |         585      3.32%     77.96% |         600      3.41%     81.36% |         567      3.22%     84.58% |         519      2.95%     87.53% |         552      3.13%     90.66% |         563      3.20%     93.86% |         560      3.18%     97.04% |         522      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        17615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           2      9.52%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           2      9.52%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           4     19.05%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      4.76%     52.38% |           2      9.52%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      4.76%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      4.76%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           3     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21947      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21974      3.13%     65.63% |       21984      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |         102      4.10%      4.10% |          93      3.74%      7.84% |          83      3.34%     11.18% |          68      2.73%     13.91% |          68      2.73%     16.65% |          92      3.70%     20.35% |          85      3.42%     23.76% |          84      3.38%     27.14% |          70      2.81%     29.96% |          53      2.13%     32.09% |          68      2.73%     34.82% |          69      2.77%     37.60% |          64      2.57%     40.17% |          72      2.90%     43.06% |          81      3.26%     46.32% |          80      3.22%     49.54% |          53      2.13%     51.67% |          52      2.09%     53.76% |          79      3.18%     56.94% |          88      3.54%     60.47% |          70      2.81%     63.29% |          58      2.33%     65.62% |          83      3.34%     68.96% |          89      3.58%     72.54% |          86      3.46%     76.00% |         102      4.10%     80.10% |          96      3.86%     83.96% |         103      4.14%     88.10% |          78      3.14%     91.23% |          76      3.06%     94.29% |          70      2.81%     97.10% |          72      2.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         2487                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      2.44%      2.44% |           0      0.00%      2.44% |           0      0.00%      2.44% |           1      2.44%      4.88% |           2      4.88%      9.76% |           0      0.00%      9.76% |           1      2.44%     12.20% |           3      7.32%     19.51% |           1      2.44%     21.95% |           2      4.88%     26.83% |           1      2.44%     29.27% |           1      2.44%     31.71% |           1      2.44%     34.15% |           0      0.00%     34.15% |           3      7.32%     41.46% |           0      0.00%     41.46% |           3      7.32%     48.78% |           3      7.32%     56.10% |           3      7.32%     63.41% |           0      0.00%     63.41% |           1      2.44%     65.85% |           1      2.44%     68.29% |           3      7.32%     75.61% |           0      0.00%     75.61% |           3      7.32%     82.93% |           2      4.88%     87.80% |           1      2.44%     90.24% |           2      4.88%     95.12% |           1      2.44%     97.56% |           1      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           41                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      153336      5.66%      5.66% |       83553      3.09%      8.75% |       82066      3.03%     11.78% |       82880      3.06%     14.84% |       82130      3.03%     17.87% |       81989      3.03%     20.90% |       81859      3.02%     23.92% |       81456      3.01%     26.93% |       81638      3.01%     29.94% |       82827      3.06%     33.00% |       83825      3.10%     36.10% |       83061      3.07%     39.16% |       82510      3.05%     42.21% |       81577      3.01%     45.22% |       80747      2.98%     48.20% |       81076      2.99%     51.20% |       82285      3.04%     54.23% |       82001      3.03%     57.26% |       82411      3.04%     60.31% |       82505      3.05%     63.35% |       82244      3.04%     66.39% |       84555      3.12%     69.51% |       82393      3.04%     72.55% |       81655      3.02%     75.57% |       81974      3.03%     78.59% |       82504      3.05%     81.64% |       82023      3.03%     84.67% |       81583      3.01%     87.68% |       81980      3.03%     90.71% |       81690      3.02%     93.73% |       84311      3.11%     96.84% |       85618      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2708262                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           2     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           2      0.89%      0.89% |           3      1.33%      2.22% |           8      3.56%      5.78% |           8      3.56%      9.33% |           4      1.78%     11.11% |           5      2.22%     13.33% |           3      1.33%     14.67% |           7      3.11%     17.78% |           4      1.78%     19.56% |           2      0.89%     20.44% |          12      5.33%     25.78% |           7      3.11%     28.89% |          10      4.44%     33.33% |          12      5.33%     38.67% |          10      4.44%     43.11% |           9      4.00%     47.11% |           9      4.00%     51.11% |           4      1.78%     52.89% |          14      6.22%     59.11% |           5      2.22%     61.33% |           6      2.67%     64.00% |          10      4.44%     68.44% |           7      3.11%     71.56% |          10      4.44%     76.00% |          11      4.89%     80.89% |           6      2.67%     83.56% |           7      3.11%     86.67% |          10      4.44%     91.11% |           7      3.11%     94.22% |           5      2.22%     96.44% |           2      0.89%     97.33% |           6      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          225                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1821      3.08%      3.08% |        1830      3.10%      6.18% |        1825      3.09%      9.28% |        1819      3.08%     12.36% |        1788      3.03%     15.38% |        1788      3.03%     18.41% |        1822      3.09%     21.50% |        1847      3.13%     24.63% |        1817      3.08%     27.71% |        1843      3.12%     30.83% |        1887      3.20%     34.02% |        1869      3.17%     37.19% |        1898      3.21%     40.40% |        1879      3.18%     43.59% |        1901      3.22%     46.81% |        1887      3.20%     50.00% |        1875      3.18%     53.18% |        1823      3.09%     56.27% |        1911      3.24%     59.50% |        1888      3.20%     62.70% |        1874      3.17%     65.88% |        1843      3.12%     69.00% |        1877      3.18%     72.18% |        1845      3.13%     75.30% |        1858      3.15%     78.45% |        1842      3.12%     81.57% |        1840      3.12%     84.68% |        1827      3.09%     87.78% |        1803      3.05%     90.83% |        1756      2.97%     93.81% |        1819      3.08%     96.89% |        1837      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        59039                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          30      1.56%      1.56% |          29      1.50%      3.06% |          46      2.39%      5.45% |          43      2.23%      7.68% |          55      2.85%     10.53% |          73      3.79%     14.32% |          58      3.01%     17.32% |          60      3.11%     20.44% |         107      5.55%     25.99% |          73      3.79%     29.77% |          69      3.58%     33.35% |          51      2.65%     36.00% |          59      3.06%     39.06% |          66      3.42%     42.48% |          66      3.42%     45.90% |          34      1.76%     47.67% |          82      4.25%     51.92% |         112      5.81%     57.73% |          68      3.53%     61.26% |          59      3.06%     64.32% |          97      5.03%     69.35% |          74      3.84%     73.18% |          49      2.54%     75.73% |          49      2.54%     78.27% |          52      2.70%     80.96% |          36      1.87%     82.83% |          51      2.65%     85.48% |          50      2.59%     88.07% |          49      2.54%     90.61% |          83      4.30%     94.92% |          41      2.13%     97.04% |          57      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         1928                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          30      1.56%      1.56% |          29      1.50%      3.06% |          46      2.39%      5.45% |          43      2.23%      7.68% |          55      2.85%     10.53% |          73      3.79%     14.32% |          58      3.01%     17.32% |          60      3.11%     20.44% |         107      5.55%     25.99% |          73      3.79%     29.77% |          69      3.58%     33.35% |          51      2.65%     36.00% |          59      3.06%     39.06% |          66      3.42%     42.48% |          66      3.42%     45.90% |          34      1.76%     47.67% |          82      4.25%     51.92% |         112      5.81%     57.73% |          68      3.53%     61.26% |          59      3.06%     64.32% |          97      5.03%     69.35% |          74      3.84%     73.18% |          49      2.54%     75.73% |          49      2.54%     78.27% |          52      2.70%     80.96% |          36      1.87%     82.83% |          51      2.65%     85.48% |          50      2.59%     88.07% |          49      2.54%     90.61% |          83      4.30%     94.92% |          41      2.13%     97.04% |          57      2.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         1928                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      4.55%      4.55% |           1      4.55%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           0      0.00%      9.09% |           1      4.55%     13.64% |           0      0.00%     13.64% |           0      0.00%     13.64% |           2      9.09%     22.73% |           1      4.55%     27.27% |           2      9.09%     36.36% |           1      4.55%     40.91% |           0      0.00%     40.91% |           0      0.00%     40.91% |           1      4.55%     45.45% |           0      0.00%     45.45% |           2      9.09%     54.55% |           1      4.55%     59.09% |           1      4.55%     63.64% |           0      0.00%     63.64% |           1      4.55%     68.18% |           0      0.00%     68.18% |           1      4.55%     72.73% |           3     13.64%     86.36% |           1      4.55%     90.91% |           1      4.55%     95.45% |           0      0.00%     95.45% |           1      4.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1821      3.08%      3.08% |        1830      3.10%      6.18% |        1825      3.09%      9.27% |        1819      3.08%     12.36% |        1788      3.03%     15.38% |        1788      3.03%     18.41% |        1822      3.09%     21.50% |        1847      3.13%     24.63% |        1817      3.08%     27.70% |        1843      3.12%     30.83% |        1887      3.20%     34.02% |        1869      3.17%     37.19% |        1898      3.21%     40.40% |        1879      3.18%     43.58% |        1901      3.22%     46.80% |        1887      3.20%     50.00% |        1875      3.18%     53.18% |        1823      3.09%     56.26% |        1911      3.24%     59.50% |        1888      3.20%     62.70% |        1874      3.17%     65.87% |        1843      3.12%     68.99% |        1877      3.18%     72.17% |        1845      3.12%     75.30% |        1858      3.15%     78.45% |        1844      3.12%     81.57% |        1840      3.12%     84.69% |        1827      3.09%     87.78% |        1803      3.05%     90.83% |        1756      2.97%     93.81% |        1819      3.08%     96.89% |        1837      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        59041                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      669727     23.91%     23.91% |     1400539     50.00%     73.91% |       84533      3.02%     76.93% |       95021      3.39%     80.32% |       91470      3.27%     83.59% |       82367      2.94%     86.53% |       92739      3.31%     89.84% |       99819      3.56%     93.40% |       90143      3.22%     96.62% |       94720      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2801078                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      669727     23.91%     23.91% |     1400539     50.00%     73.91% |       84533      3.02%     76.93% |       95021      3.39%     80.32% |       91470      3.27%     83.59% |       82367      2.94%     86.53% |       92739      3.31%     89.84% |       99819      3.56%     93.40% |       90143      3.22%     96.62% |       94720      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2801078                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      669727     23.91%     23.91% |     1400539     50.00%     73.91% |       84533      3.02%     76.93% |       95021      3.39%     80.32% |       91470      3.27%     83.59% |       82367      2.94%     86.53% |       92739      3.31%     89.84% |       99819      3.56%     93.40% |       90143      3.22%     96.62% |       94720      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2801078                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      669727     23.91%     23.91% |     1400539     50.00%     73.91% |       84533      3.02%     76.93% |       95021      3.39%     80.32% |       91470      3.27%     83.59% |       82367      2.94%     86.53% |       92739      3.31%     89.84% |       99819      3.56%     93.40% |       90143      3.22%     96.62% |       94720      3.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2801078                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
