
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.154071                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                154071219000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5330239297500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  82757                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   157423                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              196443392                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4524508                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   784.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64906744                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     123467091                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25271424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25271424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21425600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21425600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334775                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334775                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164024301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164024301                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139062962                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139062962                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303087263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303087263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394868                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334775                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394868                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334775                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25270336                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21425408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25271552                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21425600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24789                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    70371                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    12566                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 154070966000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394868                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334775                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 206739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   9096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   6940                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   4968                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                   5431                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                   5511                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                   5317                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   4954                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   4651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   4251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  4008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  3917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  3742                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  3628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  3490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  3301                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  3124                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  3008                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  2989                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  2822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  2691                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  2683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  2503                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  2357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  2396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2446                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2413                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  2994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 74720                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  49908                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  54518                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  56686                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  56704                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  56921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  15317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  17506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  27215                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       217861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   214.332919                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.776925                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   166.951876                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        69320     31.82%     31.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        57560     26.42%     58.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        68903     31.63%     89.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9462      4.34%     94.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5638      2.59%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2736      1.26%     98.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1481      0.68%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1060      0.49%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1701      0.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       217861                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        51579                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.654956                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.643322                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        51571     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        51579                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        51579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.490471                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.975447                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.232448                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          42159     81.74%     81.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3216      6.24%     87.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3644      7.06%     95.04% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2560      4.96%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        51579                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 50274433857                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            57677852607                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974245000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   127325.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              146075.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.03                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.34                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.98                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  291731                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 220020                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    211159.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26565825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5144620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122356356750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              829679760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              817288920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              452702250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              445941375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546584000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1533027600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086631200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082594160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10062876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10062876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61287300315                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        61031362905                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38679283500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38903790000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113945057745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113876881680                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.582221                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.139711                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24511424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24511424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20688256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20688256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159091517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159091517                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134277227                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134277227                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293368744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293368744                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382991                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323254                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382991                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323254                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24510144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1280                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20688192                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24511424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20688256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    20                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    49904                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    10533                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 154070464000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382991                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323254                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 202555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   5042                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   5668                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   6226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   6405                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   6302                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   5849                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   5548                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   5305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  4904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  4651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  4516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  4320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  4113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  3896                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  3791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  3575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3534                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3454                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3299                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3059                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  2953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  2950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  2912                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  3036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  3080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  3147                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  3343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 54058                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  48244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  53089                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  55164                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  55887                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  55932                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  15256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  16631                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  23051                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       189855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   238.062269                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   187.017228                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   171.835335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        41595     21.91%     21.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        56517     29.77%     51.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69036     36.36%     88.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9347      4.92%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5895      3.11%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2651      1.40%     97.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1598      0.84%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1091      0.57%     98.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2125      1.12%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       189855                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.667100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.303133                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49943     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        49949                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.471661                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.967285                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.186820                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40503     81.09%     81.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3761      7.53%     88.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3244      6.49%     95.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2441      4.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        49949                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 44684972220                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            51865678470                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914855000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   116679.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              135429.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  288318                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 228043                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    218154.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.12                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27041890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5144620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121880292000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              724142160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              711070920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              395117250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              387985125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500759000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486219800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049487840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1045068480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10062876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10062876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60255352080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59780284155                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39584501250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40001227500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113572236300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113474732700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.162352                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.529486                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24511488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24511488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20689216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20689216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323269                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323269                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159091933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159091933                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134283458                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134283458                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293375390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293375390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382992                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323269                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382992                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323269                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24510272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20689088                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24511488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20689216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23901                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20096                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    50040                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    10325                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 154070390500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382992                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323269                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 202848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   4938                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   5111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   5804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   6304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   6385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   6231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   5881                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   5590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   5300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  5007                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  4699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  4360                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  4198                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  3994                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  3841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  3760                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3613                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3300                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  2904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  2872                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  2834                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  2921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  3009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  3075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  3172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  3447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 54304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  48304                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  53093                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  54924                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  55785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  55876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  15451                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  16831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  23005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       188700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   239.526868                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   188.578595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.026022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40402     21.41%     21.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        55750     29.54%     50.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69715     36.94%     87.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9476      5.02%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5813      3.08%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2698      1.43%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1603      0.85%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1056      0.56%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2187      1.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       188700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49986                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.661545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.349540                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49980     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        49986                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.467151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.965696                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.174151                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40478     80.98%     80.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3847      7.70%     88.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3293      6.59%     95.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2368      4.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        49986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 44611472822                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            51792216572                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914865000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   116487.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              135237.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.08                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.28                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  288627                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 228903                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    218149.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5144620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121783570750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              720347040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              706126680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              393046500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              385287375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1501000800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1486017000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049455440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1045191600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10062876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10062876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59832393840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59370455295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39955517250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40360726500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113514637590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113416681170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.788496                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.152691                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24491328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24491328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20687488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20687488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382677                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323242                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323242                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    158961084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            158961084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134272242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134272242                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293233326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293233326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382677                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323242                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382677                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323242                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24490688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20687360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24491328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20687488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23630                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23750                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    48911                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    10181                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 154070095000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382677                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323242                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 202385                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   4972                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   5118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   5795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   6287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   6521                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   6465                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   6130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   5842                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   5466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  5084                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  4718                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  4384                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  4264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3501                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3122                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3018                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  2959                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  2887                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  2914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  2925                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  3086                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  3246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  3587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 53475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  48320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  53306                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  55286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  55785                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  55829                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  15230                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  16731                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  22755                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       187585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   240.835632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.220748                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   171.544203                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39110     20.85%     20.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        56007     29.86%     50.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69676     37.14%     87.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         9592      5.11%     92.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5699      3.04%     96.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2662      1.42%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1586      0.85%     98.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1128      0.60%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         2125      1.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       187585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.656323                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.717641                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49974     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        49980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.467387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.965845                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.175114                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40523     81.08%     81.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3775      7.55%     88.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         3332      6.67%     95.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2350      4.70%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        49980                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 44466968889                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            51641975139                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   116202.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              134952.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      158.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   158.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.30                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  288430                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 229883                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               71.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    218254.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26224936750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5144620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122697245750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              716151240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              701900640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              390757125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              382981500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499277000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485322800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049338800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1045126800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10062876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10062876720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        60010509150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59464179540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39799275750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40278512250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113528185785                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113420900250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.876433                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.180076                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1425                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          552                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4282                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5230                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              522524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13547278                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 51.982952                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.928301                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev               107.649720                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12670793     93.53%     93.53% |      281721      2.08%     95.61% |      181818      1.34%     96.95% |      143550      1.06%     98.01% |      119508      0.88%     98.89% |      100265      0.74%     99.63% |       40642      0.30%     99.93% |        8518      0.06%    100.00% |         463      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13547278                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     44468943                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.090094                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.655286                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.007283                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    42362509     95.26%     95.26% |     1431553      3.22%     98.48% |       44336      0.10%     98.58% |       47044      0.11%     98.69% |       53908      0.12%     98.81% |       91044      0.20%     99.01% |      152459      0.34%     99.36% |      207155      0.47%     99.82% |       78935      0.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      44468943                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            44468939                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              24.728486                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.715179                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            155.623492                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    44175743     99.34%     99.34% |      240057      0.54%     99.88% |       45291      0.10%     99.98% |        6830      0.02%    100.00% |         904      0.00%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              44468939                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        42297480                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000144                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000123                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.012591                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    42291662     99.99%     99.99% |        5631      0.01%    100.00% |         123      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          42297480                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171459                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        447.971166                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       239.005953                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       554.652545                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1878263     86.50%     86.50% |      240057     11.06%     97.55% |       45291      2.09%     99.64% |        6830      0.31%     99.95% |         904      0.04%     99.99% |         109      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171459                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         309844                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       309844                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          425                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          310                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          285                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          306                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     27658452                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312124                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28970576                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14633983                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127141                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14761124                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       576226                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46327                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       201435                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2132765                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78035                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          643                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91509                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        24097                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          659                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94087                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        94746                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        24222                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88959                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89561                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        22914                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          663                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94081                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        94744                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        24587                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88958                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89560                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        22929                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          627                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91525                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        23802                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          618                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91539                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        23431                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91526                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92157                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        23216                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119084                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59702                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178786                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20149                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47880                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16801                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47930                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64731                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47915                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64132                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47956                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60537                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47899                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61325                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47918                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60436                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60706                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15537                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47885                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63422                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47902                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62834                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47920                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63702                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47841                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64313                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14420                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47894                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62314                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47829                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64087                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66906                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47816                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67936                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47797                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63995                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16985                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64882                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18402                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47946                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66348                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47870                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64162                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18408                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47782                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66190                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20348                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47834                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68182                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19321                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47833                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67154                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14181                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47845                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62026                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27395                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47802                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75197                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24902                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47824                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72726                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13601                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47869                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61470                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13674                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47818                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61492                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47842                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58875                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10840                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47859                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58699                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14949                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47931                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62880                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47867                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62987                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles        42628                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     22231596                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     22231596                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22539303                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     22231595                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9383079                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9348159                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     22231595                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.072147                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     10290742                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     10290742                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10607746                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10290742                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5017419                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4955378                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     10290742                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.033396                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7305617                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7305617                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7586823                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7305617                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2782474                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2769949                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7305617                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.023709                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6210607                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6210607                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6478030                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6210607                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2440579                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2431207                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6210607                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.020155                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8493527                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8493527                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8812889                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8493527                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3687752                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3661011                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8493527                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.027564                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8783402                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8783402                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9092239                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8783402                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3684617                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3674638                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8783402                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028504                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9251996                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9251996                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9580015                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9251996                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3360156                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3349704                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9251996                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030025                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6335365                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6335365                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6646549                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6335365                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2443201                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2432917                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6335365                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4273729                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4273729                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4426241                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4273729                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1710800                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1702625                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4273729                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.013869                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5619684                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5619684                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5861166                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5619684                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2419255                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2405892                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5619684                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018237                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3881937                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3881937                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3973011                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3881937                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1462272                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1459757                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3881937                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012598                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3449518                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3449518                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3473861                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3449518                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1281415                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1281058                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3449518                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011195                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4768375                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4768375                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4803245                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4768375                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1967766                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1967263                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4768375                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015475                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3640249                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3640249                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3667032                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3640249                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1370342                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1369945                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3640249                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011814                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2104159                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2104159                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2127397                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2104159                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       768971                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       768639                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2104159                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006829                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3206942                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3206942                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3259629                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3206942                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1166038                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1165234                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3206942                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010407                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4325056                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4325056                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4375316                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4325056                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1518977                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1518044                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4325056                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014036                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3362278                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3362278                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3418649                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3362278                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1206579                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1205542                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3362278                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010911                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3435445                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3435445                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3517612                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3435445                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1255220                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1253601                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3435445                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011149                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959380                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959380                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1979671                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959380                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724171                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       723848                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959380                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006359                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1800119                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1800119                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1804688                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1800119                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       721577                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       721523                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1800119                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005842                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2431097                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2431097                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2438011                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2431097                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034895                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1034513                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2431097                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007890                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2108189                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2108189                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2115424                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2108189                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       844607                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       844525                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2108189                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006842                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311491                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311491                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311491                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311491                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499479                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499479                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311491                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004256                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1760704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1760704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1765164                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1760704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       675922                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       675880                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1760704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005714                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2409080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2409080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2416293                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2409080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1014431                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1014108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2409080                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007818                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2066959                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2066959                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2073938                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2066959                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       818876                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       818799                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2066959                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006708                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331866                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331866                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331866                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331866                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506434                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506434                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331866                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004322                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7883023                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7883023                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8298261                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7883023                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2954507                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2948755                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7883023                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025582                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7886395                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7886395                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8171597                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7886395                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2899431                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2893571                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7886395                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025593                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7869460                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7869460                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8241038                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7869460                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2893133                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2886888                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7869460                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025538                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8218524                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8218524                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8558858                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8218524                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3030346                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3023520                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8218524                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026671                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13553404     30.52%     30.52% |    28801059     64.85%     95.36% |     2060287      4.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     44414750                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13553411     30.52%     30.52% |    28801060     64.85%     95.36% |     2060287      4.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     44414758                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   505984482                       |   691319875                       |    45958931                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   866690410                       |   117078363                       |     2060287                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   37.332650                       |   24.003280                       |   22.307053                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   63.946327                       |    4.065071                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.992126                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    22.195984                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         50.188110                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002259                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.054411      7.82%      7.82% |    0.054358      7.81%     15.63% |    0.052947      7.61%     23.24% |    0.052878      7.60%     30.84% |    0.112012     16.10%     46.94% |    0.111955     16.09%     63.03% |    0.111918     16.08%     79.11% |    0.111931     16.09%     95.19% |    0.008359      1.20%     96.40% |    0.008361      1.20%     97.60% |    0.008360      1.20%     98.80% |    0.008360      1.20%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.695851                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017241                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027773                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001800                       |    0.001700                       |    0.001800                       |    0.001700                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |    0.001750                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004512                       |    0.002136                       |    0.002026                       |    0.002019                       |    0.002008                       |    0.002004                       |    0.001957                       |    0.001955                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002033                       |    0.002071                       |    0.002060                       |    0.001991                       |    0.002003                       |    0.001988                       |    0.001993                       |    0.002045                       |    0.002034                       |    0.002052                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002114                       |    0.002134                       |    0.002058                       |    0.002075                       |    0.002104                       |    0.002062                       |    0.002096                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002114                       |    0.002271                       |    0.002225                       |    0.007683                       |    0.007451                       |    0.007451                       |    0.007445                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000900                       |    0.001907                       |    0.000124                       |    0.000131                       |    0.000122                       |    0.000129                       |    0.000122                       |    0.000127                       |    0.000125                       |    0.000126                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002199                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002139                       |    0.001423                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002150                       |    0.000125                       |    0.002557                       |    0.005388                       |    0.001869                       |           0                       |    0.002273                       |    0.006826                       |           0                       |    0.005309                       |    0.008474                       |    0.002699                       |    0.001780                       |    0.002140                       |    0.000124                       |    0.005677                       |    0.004575                       |    0.009414                       |    0.001830                       |    0.002123                       |    0.000131                       |    0.007902                       |    0.004990                       |    0.003179                       |           0                       |    0.002239                       |    0.006599                       |           0                       |    0.008168                       |    0.005042                       |    0.003545                       |           0                       |    0.002183                       |           0                       |    0.004135                       |    0.002522                       |    0.002355                       |           0                       |    0.002214                       |           0                       |    0.002075                       |    0.001425                       |           0                       |    0.002247                       |           0                       |    0.001146                       |    0.002114                       |    0.002383                       |    0.001781                       |    0.002137                       |    0.000126                       |    0.002509                       |    0.004098                       |    0.005364                       |    0.002222                       |    0.001731                       |    0.002118                       |    0.000122                       |    0.004697                       |    0.008351                       |    0.007246                       |    0.003298                       |    0.027656                       |    0.003971                       |    0.000900                       |    0.003433                       |    0.013769                       |    0.018330                       |    0.004087                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002243                       |    0.001907                       |    0.003461                       |    0.007513                       |    0.014158                       |    0.004114                       |    0.001830                       |    0.002110                       |    0.000129                       |    0.006904                       |    0.005539                       |    0.007880                       |    0.004113                       |           0                       |    0.002116                       |           0                       |    0.002018                       |    0.004095                       |    0.004073                       |    0.003173                       |           0                       |    0.002239                       |           0                       |    0.001117                       |    0.002104                       |    0.002359                       |           0                       |    0.002255                       |           0                       |    0.000254                       |    0.002134                       |    0.002198                       |           0                       |    0.002181                       |           0                       |    0.001993                       |    0.002324                       |    0.003984                       |    0.002115                       |           0                       |    0.002408                       |    0.006599                       |           0                       |    0.001900                       |    0.005281                       |    0.007232                       |    0.002118                       |    0.001730                       |    0.002076                       |    0.000122                       |    0.014790                       |    0.005634                       |    0.003506                       |    0.002166                       |    0.001780                       |    0.002083                       |    0.000127                       |    0.002305                       |    0.007854                       |    0.004256                       |    0.002155                       |           0                       |    0.002337                       |    0.006597                       |           0                       |    0.002772                       |    0.008206                       |    0.004575                       |    0.002183                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.001145                       |    0.004066                       |    0.002287                       |    0.002198                       |           0                       |    0.002203                       |           0                       |    0.000216                       |    0.002062                       |    0.002226                       |           0                       |    0.002198                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002058                       |           0                       |    0.002115                       |           0                       |    0.000889                       |           0                       |    0.003824                       |           0                       |    0.002118                       |           0                       |    0.002900                       |    0.000667                       |    0.004722                       |           0                       |    0.002166                       |           0                       |    0.007072                       |    0.002472                       |    0.002325                       |           0                       |    0.002155                       |           0                       |    0.000902                       |    0.005103                       |    0.002752                       |           0                       |    0.002183                       |           0                       |    0.004567                       |    0.004398                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002198                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004161                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002226                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002096                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.695851                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14508456                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14508456                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       695000                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11845361                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11190541                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.471929                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          585112                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29692                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14942653                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95063                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22546518                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188702                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15037716                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22735220                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37489171                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283765                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37772936                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14768315                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10097                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14778412                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14768315                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10097                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14778412                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                301315783                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47306717                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76473373                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14508456                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11775653                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             248019715                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1522188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147770                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       205978                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       374041                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       347405                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14767710                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341424                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    297165662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504871                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.706535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        266336735     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5826385      1.96%     91.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1720054      0.58%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1359057      0.46%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4973155      1.67%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5257628      1.77%     96.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1209566      0.41%     96.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           616040      0.21%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9867042      3.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    297165662                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048150                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.253798                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28208115                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     244304215                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17712090                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6180141                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         761094                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      142020826                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         761094                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30946207                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151621834                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16930339                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20846359                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      76059822                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138718915                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89453                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2936990                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534576                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150908939                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     312866958                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    188161417                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     133226131                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17682793                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443233                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447761                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41864388                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7944857                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23106522                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1081245                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       845127                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135884027                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       586699                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         140075354                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294486                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12600690                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17048490                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141898                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    297165662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471371                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.213149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239897011     80.73%     80.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22637823      7.62%     88.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13730888      4.62%     92.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8698784      2.93%     95.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3430880      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3994525      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730244      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562262      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483245      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    297165662                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123973      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954584     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324155     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504877      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101568278     72.51%     72.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63757      0.05%     72.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15004775     10.71%     83.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22881342     16.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      140075354                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.464879                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402712                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010014                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    579013513                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149081207                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130883659                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140973161                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1563313                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341363                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2779                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10076                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075121                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8366807                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         761094                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5561208                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142733013                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136470726                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7944857                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23106522                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       577606                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         106016                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10076                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407059                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369300                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776359                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138774548                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14776774                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017593                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37362379                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12153745                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22585605                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.460562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              131025073                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130883679                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78311633                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112872393                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.434374                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.693807                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12930579                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       444801                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       708016                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294938380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.418620                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.209226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245675343     83.30%     83.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19264140      6.53%     89.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10992043      3.73%     93.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10799348      3.66%     97.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2245987      0.76%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       516979      0.18%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390352      0.81%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523641      0.18%     99.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2530547      0.86%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294938380                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64906743                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      123467088                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28634890                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6603490                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11447846                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122890244                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       503035                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       218011      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94500954     76.54%     76.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62394      0.05%     76.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6603490      5.35%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     22031400     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    123467088                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2530547                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            428597381                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           275035147                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88375                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4150121                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64906743                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             123467088                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.642288                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.642288                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.215411                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.215411                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        191679171                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95546201                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60520070                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45355739                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        62184376                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444983                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2640538500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2640538500.000004                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248068                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        83.155824                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       37.468260                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      152.347104                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5371638     85.97%     85.97% |      281666      4.51%     90.48% |      181818      2.91%     93.39% |      143550      2.30%     95.69% |      119508      1.91%     97.60% |      100265      1.60%     99.21% |       40642      0.65%     99.86% |        8518      0.14%     99.99% |         463      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248068                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7280408                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.307453                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.188991                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.853288                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5164276     70.93%     70.93% |     2108825     28.97%     99.90% |        6735      0.09%     99.99% |         517      0.01%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7280408                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18802                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.107861                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.800130                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.102924                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         663      3.53%      3.53% |        2266     12.05%     15.58% |        8633     45.92%     61.49% |        4376     23.27%     84.77% |        2844     15.13%     99.89% |          20      0.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18802                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6815248                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           37.497107                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           3.970936                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         213.273925                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6727526     98.71%     98.71% |       70258      1.03%     99.74% |       14970      0.22%     99.96% |        2231      0.03%    100.00% |         225      0.00%    100.00% |          38      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6815248                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6367183                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000572                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000494                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.023972                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6363547     99.94%     99.94% |        3631      0.06%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6367183                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       448065                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     527.706674                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    212.961614                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    659.273563                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      360343     80.42%     80.42% |       70258     15.68%     96.10% |       14970      3.34%     99.44% |        2231      0.50%     99.94% |         225      0.05%     99.99% |          38      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        448065                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22566166                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           34.779983                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.107158                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         182.913546                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22360738     99.09%     99.09% |      169762      0.75%     99.84% |       30313      0.13%     99.98% |        4598      0.02%    100.00% |         679      0.00%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22566166                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20998058                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000111                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000093                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.011838                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20995978     99.99%     99.99% |        1898      0.01%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20998058                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1568108                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     460.334603                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    275.500016                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    535.587657                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1362680     86.90%     86.90% |      169762     10.83%     97.73% |       30313      1.93%     99.66% |        4598      0.29%     99.95% |         679      0.04%    100.00% |          71      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1568108                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14761121                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.747368                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085228                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.296193                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14760780    100.00%    100.00% |         295      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14761121                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14633983                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14633981    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14633983                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127138                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.771776                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.557665                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    69.597592                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126797     99.73%     99.73% |         295      0.23%     99.96% |          29      0.02%     99.99% |           8      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127138                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325098                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.074270                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019814                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    38.053131                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      318216     97.88%     97.88% |        5315      1.63%     99.52% |        1310      0.40%     99.92% |         139      0.04%     99.96% |          58      0.02%     99.98% |          46      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325098                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296978                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296878     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296978                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28120                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   107.904943                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.290843                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    81.780446                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       21238     75.53%     75.53% |        5315     18.90%     94.43% |        1310      4.66%     99.09% |         139      0.49%     99.58% |          58      0.21%     99.79% |          46      0.16%     99.95% |          11      0.04%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28120                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       168278                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      3925195                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       109111                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    32114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    30716                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    31617                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    31767                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    31791                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    28430                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    31798                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    32443                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    31812                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    28167                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   31393                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   30798                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   32132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   29650                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   31790                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   29563                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  18606                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  10788                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  19103                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  12329                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  18929                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  10482                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  18922                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  11653                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  18908                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                  10745                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 19327                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 10706                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 18588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                 11854                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 18930                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 11941                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    21570                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    20207                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    21193                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    20660                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    21075                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    18593                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    21219                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    21285                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    21371                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    18429                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   20969                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   20063                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   21255                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   19662                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   21201                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   19219                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                44096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                38912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                44096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                38912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 1826572                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 1237937                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140712734828502                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles            140712734226574                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1840509                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 1167315                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 1813375                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                32051252                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               379591735                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               378937893                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              379570145                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              378974616                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              379642536                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              379026544                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              379594526                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              378991260                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                    9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                    9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                 8751                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 7652                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                 8915                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 8160                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                 8909                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 7223                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                 8897                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 8169                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                 8811                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 7212                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits                8944                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                7694                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits                8992                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                7405                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits                8957                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                7741                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               5873                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               2876                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               5709                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               3024                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               5715                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               2649                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               5727                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               3015                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               5813                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               2660                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              5680                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              2834                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              5632                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              3123                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              5667                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              2787                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               23363                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               23064                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               22702                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               23607                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               22882                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               21207                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               22901                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               24274                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               23001                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               20955                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              22449                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              23104                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              23140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              22245                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              22833                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              21822                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             12733                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              7912                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             13394                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              9305                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             13214                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              7833                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             13195                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              8638                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             13095                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              8085                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            13647                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             7872                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            12956                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             8731                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            13263                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             9154                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2851468                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2288120                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2834201                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2287892                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2843318                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2204170                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2852371                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2291113                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2871616                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2204451                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2846377                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2235219                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2875520                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2283900                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2859635                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2210791                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               2032370                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1340562                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               2005122                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1249161                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               2028249                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1235798                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1962574                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1246107                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1858694                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1180174                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              1886636                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1321500                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              2002473                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1240580                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              2001613                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1194356                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             595484                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             520075                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             595304                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             552659                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             595092                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             486426                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             595486                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             554000                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             597345                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             485805                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            595173                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            519730                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            595286                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            519901                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            595418                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            521491                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3039391                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2939203                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3085892                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3042510                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3034443                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2681008                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3135834                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2958803                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3240632                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2845249                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             3198706                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2903417                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             3095308                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2868377                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2996699                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2892242                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          2032370                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1340562                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          2005122                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1249161                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          2028249                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1235798                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1962574                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1246107                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1858694                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1180174                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         1886636                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1321500                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         2002473                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1240580                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         2001613                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1194356                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        594903                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        516358                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        594621                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        548462                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        594895                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        484949                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        594728                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        548677                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        594672                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        484878                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       594778                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       516318                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       594903                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       516847                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       594734                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       516030                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2157467                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1798000                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2167025                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1782979                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2175033                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1690434                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2196777                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1783364                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2168963                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1718017                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2181487                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1749629                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2172816                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1763766                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2151278                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1730089                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2814809                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2255640                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2822749                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2267537                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2820408                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2163583                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2823854                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2265536                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2845760                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2180115                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2832436                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2214984                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2861190                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2243185                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2826815                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2192888                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305842745                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305842741                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305842747                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305842743                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305842752                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305842748                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305842764                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305842760                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2839620                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2281709                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2822278                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2277425                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2820254                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2181060                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2821205                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2274796                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2859580                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2188980                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2830503                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2227577                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2865731                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2268912                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2837250                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2196467                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             13367                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0              6876                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             13710                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0              8255                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             13701                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0              6895                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             13653                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0              7605                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             13600                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0              7010                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            14023                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0             6853                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            13333                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0             7817                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            13629                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0             7951                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              7032                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              6769                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              6902                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              7021                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              7035                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              6201                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              6951                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              7037                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              6938                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              6261                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             6784                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             6894                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             7140                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             6620                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             6933                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             6593                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2214                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              1895                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              2380                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2110                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2161                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              1703                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              2371                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2112                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2132                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              1761                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             2416                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2034                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             1899                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1554                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2026                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             1687                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles               0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles              0                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394841     25.58%     25.58% |      382991     24.81%     50.39% |      382992     24.81%     75.21% |      382677     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543501                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328944     25.67%     25.67% |      317416     24.78%     50.45% |      317428     24.78%     75.23% |      317399     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1281187                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394866     25.58%     25.58% |      382991     24.81%     50.39% |      382992     24.81%     75.21% |      382677     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543526                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334775     25.66%     25.66% |      323254     24.78%     50.44% |      323269     24.78%     75.22% |      323242     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304540                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57704     25.14%     25.14% |       57383     25.00%     50.14% |       57372     24.99%     75.13% |       57086     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229545                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394841     25.58%     25.58% |      382991     24.81%     50.39% |      382992     24.81%     75.21% |      382677     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543501                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328688     25.67%     25.67% |      317222     24.78%     50.45% |      317237     24.78%     75.22% |      317210     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280357                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57704     25.14%     25.14% |       57383     25.00%     50.14% |       57372     24.99%     75.13% |       57086     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229545                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394839     25.58%     25.58% |      382991     24.81%     50.39% |      382992     24.81%     75.21% |      382677     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543499                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328688     25.67%     25.67% |      317222     24.78%     50.45% |      317237     24.78%     75.22% |      317210     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280357                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6616345     97.06%     97.06% |          14      0.00%     97.06% |       25088      0.37%     97.42% |       25744      0.38%     97.80% |       24432      0.36%     98.16% |       25744      0.38%     98.54% |       24432      0.36%     98.90% |       25088      0.37%     99.26% |       25088      0.37%     99.63% |       25088      0.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6817063                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14761172    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14761172                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22356414     97.66%     97.66% |           0      0.00%     97.66% |       67070      0.29%     97.95% |       69003      0.30%     98.25% |       65130      0.28%     98.54% |       69005      0.30%     98.84% |       65130      0.28%     99.12% |       67066      0.29%     99.41% |       67074      0.29%     99.71% |       67070      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22892962                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18670     99.62%     99.62% |          14      0.07%     99.70% |           2      0.01%     99.71% |          12      0.06%     99.77% |           4      0.02%     99.79% |           7      0.04%     99.83% |          15      0.08%     99.91% |           3      0.02%     99.93% |           7      0.04%     99.96% |           7      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1434057     66.32%     66.32% |           0      0.00%     66.32% |       90997      4.21%     70.53% |       93582      4.33%     74.86% |       88458      4.09%     78.95% |       93574      4.33%     83.28% |       88458      4.09%     87.37% |       91026      4.21%     91.58% |       91031      4.21%     95.79% |       91037      4.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2162220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     11.43%     11.43% |          14     40.00%     51.43% |           1      2.86%     54.29% |           8     22.86%     77.14% |           2      5.71%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           5     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |          11     42.31%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           6     23.08%     73.08% |           1      3.85%     76.92% |           1      3.85%     80.77% |           0      0.00%     80.77% |           5     19.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247390     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24724      5.55%     61.12% |       25368      5.70%     66.82% |       24084      5.41%     72.23% |       25371      5.70%     77.93% |       24072      5.41%     83.34% |       24721      5.55%     88.89% |       24731      5.55%     94.45% |       24730      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           1      3.85%     11.54% |           1      3.85%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |          13     50.00%     65.38% |           2      7.69%     73.08% |           6     23.08%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191855     69.04%     69.04% |           0      0.00%     69.04% |       66785      3.87%     72.91% |       68718      3.98%     76.89% |       64874      3.76%     80.65% |       68710      3.98%     84.63% |       64873      3.76%     88.39% |       66802      3.87%     92.26% |       66802      3.87%     96.13% |       66795      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1726214                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307124     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       90991      4.47%     68.70% |       93549      4.60%     73.30% |       88444      4.35%     77.64% |       93554      4.60%     82.24% |       88429      4.35%     86.58% |       91009      4.47%     91.06% |       91020      4.47%     95.53% |       91002      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2035122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      250020     55.83%     55.83% |          14      0.00%     55.83% |       24724      5.52%     61.35% |       25369      5.66%     67.01% |       24086      5.38%     72.39% |       25372      5.67%     78.06% |       24086      5.38%     83.43% |       24723      5.52%     88.95% |       24737      5.52%     94.48% |       24732      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122603    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122603                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061836     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66785      4.18%     70.71% |       68718      4.31%     75.01% |       64873      4.06%     79.08% |       68709      4.30%     83.38% |       64872      4.06%     87.45% |       66802      4.19%     91.63% |       66802      4.19%     95.82% |       66794      4.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1596191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.54%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |           0      0.00%     99.54% |          12      0.11%     99.64% |           2      0.02%     99.66% |           7      0.06%     99.72% |          15      0.13%     99.86% |           3      0.03%     99.88% |           6      0.05%     99.94% |           7      0.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         203    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4538    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4538                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          49    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1938     98.08%     98.08% |           0      0.00%     98.08% |           6      0.30%     98.38% |          14      0.71%     99.09% |           1      0.05%     99.14% |           8      0.40%     99.54% |           2      0.10%     99.65% |           1      0.05%     99.70% |           1      0.05%     99.75% |           5      0.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14633983    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14633983                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5470     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5472                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |          12      0.01%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           7      0.01%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           6      0.00%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124427                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3198515     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |         364      0.01%     99.92% |         375      0.01%     99.93% |         346      0.01%     99.94% |         372      0.01%     99.96% |         346      0.01%     99.97% |         365      0.01%     99.98% |         351      0.01%     99.99% |         356      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3201390                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1852     99.36%     99.36% |          12      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1864                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186422     48.54%     48.54% |           0      0.00%     48.54% |       24706      6.43%     54.97% |       25339      6.60%     61.57% |       24083      6.27%     67.84% |       25347      6.60%     74.43% |       24053      6.26%     80.70% |       24702      6.43%     87.13% |       24713      6.43%     93.56% |       24725      6.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       384090                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     45.83%     45.83% |           0      0.00%     45.83% |           6     25.00%     70.83% |           1      4.17%     75.00% |           1      4.17%     79.17% |           0      0.00%     79.17% |           5     20.83%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3013475    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3013475                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21235136     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         279      0.00%     99.99% |         284      0.00%     99.99% |         256      0.00%     99.99% |         291      0.00%    100.00% |         256      0.00%    100.00% |         262      0.00%    100.00% |         267      0.00%    100.00% |         275      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21237306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         184     97.35%     97.35% |           0      0.00%     97.35% |           2      1.06%     98.41% |           0      0.00%     98.41% |           2      1.06%     99.47% |           0      0.00%     99.47% |           0      0.00%     99.47% |           0      0.00%     99.47% |           1      0.53%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120703     67.88%     67.88% |           0      0.00%     67.88% |       66285      4.01%     71.89% |       68210      4.13%     76.03% |       64361      3.90%     79.92% |       68207      4.13%     84.05% |       64376      3.90%     87.95% |       66307      4.02%     91.97% |       66307      4.02%     95.99% |       66277      4.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1651033                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     11.43%     11.43% |          14     40.00%     51.43% |           1      2.86%     54.29% |           8     22.86%     77.14% |           2      5.71%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           5     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           35                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     97.43%     97.43% |           0      0.00%     97.43% |           0      0.00%     97.43% |           2      0.32%     97.75% |           3      0.48%     98.23% |           4      0.64%     98.87% |           1      0.16%     99.04% |           3      0.48%     99.52% |           3      0.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          622                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247390     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24724      5.55%     61.12% |       25368      5.70%     66.82% |       24084      5.41%     72.23% |       25371      5.70%     77.93% |       24072      5.41%     83.34% |       24721      5.55%     88.89% |       24731      5.55%     94.45% |       24730      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445203                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           1      3.85%     11.54% |           1      3.85%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |          13     50.00%     65.38% |           2      7.69%     73.08% |           6     23.08%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           26                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129970    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129974                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     18.06%     18.06% |           0      0.00%     18.06% |           0      0.00%     18.06% |           5      6.94%     25.00% |           8     11.11%     36.11% |           1      1.39%     37.50% |          11     15.28%     52.78% |          10     13.89%     66.67% |           1      1.39%     68.06% |          23     31.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           72                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061885     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       66785      4.18%     70.71% |       68718      4.30%     75.01% |       64873      4.06%     79.08% |       68709      4.30%     83.38% |       64872      4.06%     87.45% |       66802      4.18%     91.63% |       66802      4.18%     95.82% |       66794      4.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1596240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1814    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1814                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     94.13%     94.13% |           0      0.00%     94.13% |           6      1.53%     95.66% |           1      0.26%     95.92% |           1      0.26%     96.17% |           5      1.28%     97.45% |           2      0.51%     97.96% |           2      0.51%     98.47% |           5      1.28%     99.74% |           1      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          392                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307124     64.23%     64.23% |           0      0.00%     64.23% |       90991      4.47%     68.70% |       93549      4.60%     73.30% |       88444      4.35%     77.64% |       93554      4.60%     82.24% |       88429      4.35%     86.58% |       91009      4.47%     91.06% |       91020      4.47%     95.53% |       91002      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2035122                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3919      3.08%      3.08% |        3741      2.94%      6.02% |        3538      2.78%      8.80% |        3535      2.78%     11.58% |        3657      2.88%     14.46% |        4078      3.21%     17.67% |        3853      3.03%     20.70% |        3398      2.67%     23.37% |        3671      2.89%     26.25% |        5263      4.14%     30.39% |        4068      3.20%     33.59% |        3929      3.09%     36.68% |        3671      2.89%     39.57% |        4528      3.56%     43.13% |        3963      3.12%     46.24% |        3834      3.01%     49.26% |        4273      3.36%     52.62% |        4310      3.39%     56.01% |        3755      2.95%     58.96% |        3435      2.70%     61.66% |        3177      2.50%     64.16% |        3790      2.98%     67.14% |        3597      2.83%     69.97% |        3442      2.71%     72.67% |        3754      2.95%     75.62% |        3870      3.04%     78.67% |        3359      2.64%     81.31% |        4766      3.75%     85.06% |        4102      3.23%     88.28% |        5243      4.12%     92.40% |        5170      4.07%     96.47% |        4490      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127179                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108462     24.20%     24.20% |       13872      3.10%     27.30% |       11547      2.58%     29.88% |       12320      2.75%     32.63% |       11482      2.56%     35.19% |       10961      2.45%     37.63% |        9719      2.17%     39.80% |        9716      2.17%     41.97% |       11729      2.62%     44.59% |       10324      2.30%     46.89% |       13073      2.92%     49.81% |       12102      2.70%     52.51% |       10143      2.26%     54.77% |        9917      2.21%     56.99% |        9380      2.09%     59.08% |        9711      2.17%     61.25% |       10956      2.44%     63.69% |       10109      2.26%     65.95% |       10360      2.31%     68.26% |       10698      2.39%     70.65% |       10622      2.37%     73.02% |       11065      2.47%     75.49% |       12407      2.77%     78.26% |        9958      2.22%     80.48% |       10134      2.26%     82.74% |       10758      2.40%     85.14% |        9980      2.23%     87.37% |        9721      2.17%     89.54% |       11134      2.48%     92.02% |       10191      2.27%     94.30% |       11925      2.66%     96.96% |       13634      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       448110                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66410      4.16%      4.16% |       50422      3.16%      7.32% |       47235      2.96%     10.28% |       46168      2.89%     13.17% |       46349      2.90%     16.07% |       46459      2.91%     18.98% |       45303      2.84%     21.82% |       45591      2.86%     24.68% |       47489      2.98%     27.65% |       47400      2.97%     30.62% |       47606      2.98%     33.61% |       48111      3.01%     36.62% |       46723      2.93%     39.55% |       46880      2.94%     42.48% |       47090      2.95%     45.43% |       47161      2.95%     48.39% |       48193      3.02%     51.41% |       48415      3.03%     54.44% |       49583      3.11%     57.55% |       50180      3.14%     60.69% |       50288      3.15%     63.84% |       52051      3.26%     67.10% |       51932      3.25%     70.35% |       50595      3.17%     73.52% |       50994      3.19%     76.72% |       51720      3.24%     79.96% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51703      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51726      3.24%     92.94% |       58104      3.64%     96.58% |       54602      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1596265                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172848      8.49%      8.49% |       64060      3.15%     11.64% |       58566      2.88%     14.52% |       58271      2.86%     17.38% |       57590      2.83%     20.21% |       56286      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.67% |       55104      2.71%     28.38% |       58993      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.10% |       60438      2.97%     37.07% |       60019      2.95%     40.02% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56264      2.76%     48.35% |       56683      2.79%     51.14% |       58960      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.90% |       59708      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.89% |       64139      3.15%     72.05% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60930      2.99%     78.01% |       62285      3.06%     81.07% |       60608      2.98%     84.04% |       61229      3.01%     87.05% |       63902      3.14%     90.19% |       61729      3.03%     93.23% |       69836      3.43%     96.66% |       68035      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2035124                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51114      3.99%      3.99% |       39629      3.10%      7.09% |       39657      3.10%     10.19% |       39645      3.10%     13.28% |       39621      3.09%     16.38% |       39633      3.10%     19.47% |       39635      3.10%     22.57% |       39643      3.10%     25.67% |       39651      3.10%     28.76% |       39654      3.10%     31.86% |       39653      3.10%     34.96% |       39660      3.10%     38.05% |       39633      3.10%     41.15% |       39648      3.10%     44.25% |       39646      3.10%     47.34% |       39631      3.10%     50.44% |       39672      3.10%     53.54% |       39658      3.10%     56.64% |       39663      3.10%     59.73% |       39658      3.10%     62.83% |       39642      3.10%     65.93% |       39670      3.10%     69.03% |       39662      3.10%     72.12% |       39657      3.10%     75.22% |       39659      3.10%     78.32% |       39661      3.10%     81.42% |       39655      3.10%     84.52% |       39647      3.10%     87.61% |       39654      3.10%     90.71% |       39638      3.10%     93.81% |       39647      3.10%     96.90% |       39651      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1280247                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7411      3.23%      3.23% |        7201      3.14%      6.36% |        7189      3.13%      9.49% |        7152      3.11%     12.61% |        7201      3.14%     15.74% |        7137      3.11%     18.85% |        7159      3.12%     21.97% |        7168      3.12%     25.09% |        7232      3.15%     28.24% |        7165      3.12%     31.36% |        7230      3.15%     34.51% |        7208      3.14%     37.64% |        7275      3.17%     40.81% |        7204      3.14%     43.95% |        7225      3.15%     47.10% |        7136      3.11%     50.20% |        7166      3.12%     53.32% |        7196      3.13%     56.46% |        7210      3.14%     59.60% |        7135      3.11%     62.70% |        7139      3.11%     65.81% |        7128      3.10%     68.91% |        7106      3.09%     72.01% |        7093      3.09%     75.10% |        7191      3.13%     78.23% |        7236      3.15%     81.38% |        7166      3.12%     84.50% |        7088      3.09%     87.59% |        7132      3.11%     90.69% |        7147      3.11%     93.80% |        7106      3.09%     96.90% |        7124      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229656                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59641      3.86%      3.86% |       47880      3.10%      6.97% |       47894      3.10%     10.07% |       47845      3.10%     13.17% |       47868      3.10%     16.27% |       47817      3.10%     19.37% |       47842      3.10%     22.47% |       47859      3.10%     25.57% |       47930      3.11%     28.67% |       47867      3.10%     31.77% |       47930      3.11%     34.88% |       47915      3.10%     37.98% |       47956      3.11%     41.09% |       47899      3.10%     44.19% |       47918      3.10%     47.30% |       47814      3.10%     50.40% |       47885      3.10%     53.50% |       47902      3.10%     56.60% |       47920      3.10%     59.71% |       47841      3.10%     62.81% |       47829      3.10%     65.91% |       47847      3.10%     69.01% |       47816      3.10%     72.10% |       47797      3.10%     75.20% |       47897      3.10%     78.30% |       47946      3.11%     81.41% |       47870      3.10%     84.51% |       47782      3.10%     87.61% |       47833      3.10%     90.71% |       47833      3.10%     93.80% |       47802      3.10%     96.90% |       47824      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543499                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58617      3.88%      3.88% |       46856      3.10%      6.98% |       46870      3.10%     10.08% |       46821      3.10%     13.18% |       46844      3.10%     16.28% |       46793      3.10%     19.38% |       46818      3.10%     22.48% |       46835      3.10%     25.58% |       46906      3.10%     28.69% |       46843      3.10%     31.79% |       46906      3.10%     34.89% |       46891      3.10%     37.99% |       46932      3.11%     41.10% |       46875      3.10%     44.20% |       46894      3.10%     47.31% |       46790      3.10%     50.41% |       46861      3.10%     53.51% |       46878      3.10%     56.61% |       46896      3.10%     59.71% |       46817      3.10%     62.81% |       46805      3.10%     65.91% |       46823      3.10%     69.01% |       46792      3.10%     72.11% |       46773      3.10%     75.20% |       46873      3.10%     78.31% |       46922      3.11%     81.41% |       46846      3.10%     84.51% |       46758      3.10%     87.61% |       46809      3.10%     90.71% |       46809      3.10%     93.81% |       46778      3.10%     96.90% |       46800      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510731                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          61     31.94%     31.94% |           1      0.52%     32.46% |           6      3.14%     35.60% |           4      2.09%     37.70% |          23     12.04%     49.74% |          24     12.57%     62.30% |           2      1.05%     63.35% |           4      2.09%     65.45% |           5      2.62%     68.06% |           1      0.52%     68.59% |           3      1.57%     70.16% |           3      1.57%     71.73% |           2      1.05%     72.77% |           0      0.00%     72.77% |           0      0.00%     72.77% |           0      0.00%     72.77% |           1      0.52%     73.30% |           1      0.52%     73.82% |           6      3.14%     76.96% |           3      1.57%     78.53% |           1      0.52%     79.06% |           3      1.57%     80.63% |           3      1.57%     82.20% |           3      1.57%     83.77% |           3      1.57%     85.34% |           3      1.57%     86.91% |           3      1.57%     88.48% |           5      2.62%     91.10% |           5      2.62%     93.72% |           5      2.62%     96.34% |           6      3.14%     99.48% |           1      0.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          191                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          26     92.86%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         642      3.47%      3.47% |         548      2.96%      6.42% |         527      2.84%      9.27% |         522      2.82%     12.09% |         566      3.06%     15.14% |         528      2.85%     17.99% |         566      3.06%     21.05% |         586      3.16%     24.21% |         621      3.35%     27.56% |         543      2.93%     30.50% |         611      3.30%     33.79% |         623      3.36%     37.16% |         678      3.66%     40.82% |         618      3.34%     44.15% |         635      3.43%     47.58% |         577      3.11%     50.70% |         587      3.17%     53.87% |         628      3.39%     57.26% |         617      3.33%     60.59% |         558      3.01%     63.60% |         557      3.01%     66.61% |         573      3.09%     69.70% |         539      2.91%     72.61% |         526      2.84%     75.45% |         602      3.25%     78.70% |         646      3.49%     82.19% |         591      3.19%     85.38% |         532      2.87%     88.25% |         542      2.93%     91.17% |         561      3.03%     94.20% |         544      2.94%     97.14% |         530      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          24     92.31%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173178      8.48%      8.48% |       64267      3.15%     11.63% |       58771      2.88%     14.51% |       58466      2.86%     17.37% |       57801      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.97% |       55008      2.69%     25.67% |       55299      2.71%     28.38% |       59205      2.90%     31.28% |       57720      2.83%     34.10% |       60649      2.97%     37.07% |       60210      2.95%     40.02% |       56864      2.79%     42.81% |       56795      2.78%     45.59% |       56451      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59147      2.90%     54.04% |       58518      2.87%     56.91% |       59895      2.93%     59.84% |       60878      2.98%     62.82% |       60910      2.98%     65.81% |       63098      3.09%     68.90% |       64329      3.15%     72.05% |       60550      2.97%     75.01% |       61118      2.99%     78.01% |       62473      3.06%     81.07% |       60801      2.98%     84.05% |       61419      3.01%     87.05% |       64091      3.14%     90.19% |       61917      3.03%     93.23% |       70028      3.43%     96.66% |       68234      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041459                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         543      3.25%      3.25% |         471      2.82%      6.07% |         466      2.79%      8.86% |         466      2.79%     11.65% |         513      3.07%     14.72% |         468      2.80%     17.52% |         506      3.03%     20.55% |         532      3.18%     23.74% |         550      3.29%     27.03% |         491      2.94%     29.97% |         536      3.21%     33.18% |         568      3.40%     36.58% |         623      3.73%     40.31% |         567      3.39%     43.70% |         582      3.48%     47.19% |         526      3.15%     50.34% |         536      3.21%     53.54% |         574      3.44%     56.98% |         566      3.39%     60.37% |         512      3.07%     63.43% |         506      3.03%     66.46% |         524      3.14%     69.60% |         483      2.89%     72.49% |         471      2.82%     75.31% |         547      3.27%     78.59% |         595      3.56%     82.15% |         534      3.20%     85.34% |         482      2.89%     88.23% |         493      2.95%     91.18% |         512      3.07%     94.25% |         492      2.95%     97.19% |         469      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18688      7.93%      7.93% |        7079      3.00%     10.93% |        7086      3.01%     13.94% |        7032      2.98%     16.92% |        7003      2.97%     19.89% |        6986      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6991      2.97%     28.79% |        7031      2.98%     31.77% |        7032      2.98%     34.75% |        7065      3.00%     37.75% |        6989      2.96%     40.71% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6994      2.97%     46.65% |        6995      2.97%     49.61% |        6958      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.53% |        6976      2.96%     58.49% |        7005      2.97%     61.46% |        6984      2.96%     64.43% |        6983      2.96%     67.39% |        6969      2.96%     70.35% |        6994      2.97%     73.31% |        6985      2.96%     76.28% |        7003      2.97%     79.25% |        7006      2.97%     82.22% |        6987      2.96%     85.18% |        6963      2.95%     88.14% |        7004      2.97%     91.11% |        6983      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7023      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235741                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40410      3.13%      3.13% |       40330      3.12%      6.25% |       40342      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40363      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40350      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40352      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40337      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40338      3.12%     93.75% |       40351      3.13%     96.88% |       40332      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291056                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         567      3.41%      3.41% |         469      2.82%      6.22% |         464      2.79%      9.01% |         465      2.79%     11.80% |         510      3.06%     14.87% |         469      2.82%     17.69% |         507      3.05%     20.73% |         529      3.18%     23.91% |         546      3.28%     27.19% |         484      2.91%     30.10% |         535      3.21%     33.31% |         567      3.41%     36.72% |         620      3.72%     40.44% |         561      3.37%     43.81% |         578      3.47%     47.28% |         522      3.14%     50.42% |         532      3.20%     53.62% |         570      3.42%     57.04% |         565      3.39%     60.43% |         506      3.04%     63.47% |         502      3.02%     66.49% |         521      3.13%     69.62% |         483      2.90%     72.52% |         470      2.82%     75.35% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         592      3.56%     82.19% |         534      3.21%     85.40% |         479      2.88%     88.27% |         488      2.93%     91.21% |         509      3.06%     94.26% |         488      2.93%     97.19% |         467      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88082     42.05%     42.05% |        6766      3.23%     45.28% |        4450      2.12%     47.41% |        5262      2.51%     49.92% |        4467      2.13%     52.05% |        3061      1.46%     53.51% |        2708      1.29%     54.80% |        2717      1.30%     56.10% |        4685      2.24%     58.34% |        3288      1.57%     59.91% |        5978      2.85%     62.76% |        5110      2.44%     65.20% |        3147      1.50%     66.70% |        2921      1.39%     68.10% |        2363      1.13%     69.23% |        2748      1.31%     70.54% |        3957      1.89%     72.43% |        3127      1.49%     73.92% |        3303      1.58%     75.50% |        3714      1.77%     77.27% |        3639      1.74%     79.01% |        4078      1.95%     80.95% |        5403      2.58%     83.53% |        2970      1.42%     84.95% |        3121      1.49%     86.44% |        3747      1.79%     88.23% |        2991      1.43%     89.66% |        2753      1.31%     90.97% |        4128      1.97%     92.94% |        3207      1.53%     94.47% |        4964      2.37%     96.84% |        6609      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209464                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       25961      8.51%      8.51% |       10086      3.31%     11.81% |        6891      2.26%     14.07% |        5819      1.91%     15.98% |        5977      1.96%     17.94% |        6092      2.00%     19.94% |        4963      1.63%     21.56% |        5255      1.72%     23.28% |        7139      2.34%     25.62% |        7055      2.31%     27.94% |        7276      2.38%     30.32% |        7753      2.54%     32.86% |        6380      2.09%     34.95% |        6542      2.14%     37.10% |        6749      2.21%     39.31% |        6831      2.24%     41.55% |        7841      2.57%     44.12% |        8063      2.64%     46.76% |        9229      3.02%     49.78% |        9835      3.22%     53.01% |        9948      3.26%     56.27% |       11697      3.83%     60.10% |       11593      3.80%     63.90% |       10254      3.36%     67.26% |       10646      3.49%     70.75% |       11373      3.73%     74.48% |       10473      3.43%     77.91% |       11365      3.72%     81.64% |       12623      4.14%     85.77% |       11388      3.73%     89.50% |       17753      5.82%     95.32% |       14270      4.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       305120                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51112      3.99%      3.99% |       39623      3.10%      7.09% |       39651      3.10%     10.19% |       39640      3.10%     13.28% |       39620      3.09%     16.38% |       39628      3.10%     19.47% |       39633      3.10%     22.57% |       39639      3.10%     25.66% |       39649      3.10%     28.76% |       39652      3.10%     31.86% |       39649      3.10%     34.96% |       39659      3.10%     38.05% |       39632      3.10%     41.15% |       39647      3.10%     44.25% |       39644      3.10%     47.34% |       39630      3.10%     50.44% |       39671      3.10%     53.54% |       39657      3.10%     56.64% |       39660      3.10%     59.73% |       39658      3.10%     62.83% |       39642      3.10%     65.93% |       39668      3.10%     69.03% |       39660      3.10%     72.12% |       39655      3.10%     75.22% |       39657      3.10%     78.32% |       39660      3.10%     81.42% |       39652      3.10%     84.52% |       39645      3.10%     87.61% |       39651      3.10%     90.71% |       39636      3.10%     93.81% |       39645      3.10%     96.90% |       39649      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1280174                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6764      3.20%      3.20% |        6658      3.15%      6.36% |        6662      3.16%      9.52% |        6631      3.14%     12.66% |        6613      3.13%     15.79% |        6591      3.12%     18.91% |        6593      3.12%     22.04% |        6582      3.12%     25.15% |        6608      3.13%     28.29% |        6623      3.14%     31.42% |        6620      3.14%     34.56% |        6583      3.12%     37.68% |        6596      3.13%     40.80% |        6587      3.12%     43.92% |        6592      3.12%     47.05% |        6560      3.11%     50.16% |        6579      3.12%     53.27% |        6568      3.11%     56.38% |        6590      3.12%     59.51% |        6574      3.11%     62.62% |        6581      3.12%     65.74% |        6554      3.11%     68.84% |        6566      3.11%     71.95% |        6566      3.11%     75.07% |        6588      3.12%     78.19% |        6588      3.12%     81.31% |        6575      3.12%     84.42% |        6553      3.10%     87.53% |        6589      3.12%     90.65% |        6583      3.12%     93.77% |        6558      3.11%     96.88% |        6595      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211070                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          24     92.31%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          35    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172846      8.49%      8.49% |       64060      3.15%     11.64% |       58566      2.88%     14.52% |       58271      2.86%     17.38% |       57590      2.83%     20.21% |       56286      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.67% |       55104      2.71%     28.38% |       58993      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.10% |       60438      2.97%     37.07% |       60019      2.95%     40.02% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56264      2.76%     48.35% |       56683      2.79%     51.14% |       58960      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.90% |       59708      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.80% |       62911      3.09%     68.89% |       64139      3.15%     72.05% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60930      2.99%     78.01% |       62285      3.06%     81.07% |       60608      2.98%     84.04% |       61229      3.01%     87.05% |       63902      3.14%     90.19% |       61729      3.03%     93.23% |       69836      3.43%     96.66% |       68035      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2035122                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.39%      3.39% |           2      3.39%      6.78% |           5      8.47%     15.25% |           4      6.78%     22.03% |           1      1.69%     23.73% |           3      5.08%     28.81% |           2      3.39%     32.20% |           4      6.78%     38.98% |           2      3.39%     42.37% |           1      1.69%     44.07% |           3      5.08%     49.15% |           1      1.69%     50.85% |           1      1.69%     52.54% |           1      1.69%     54.24% |           1      1.69%     55.93% |           1      1.69%     57.63% |           1      1.69%     59.32% |           1      1.69%     61.02% |           2      3.39%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           2      3.39%     67.80% |           2      3.39%     71.19% |           2      3.39%     74.58% |           1      1.69%     76.27% |           1      1.69%     77.97% |           3      5.08%     83.05% |           2      3.39%     86.44% |           2      3.39%     89.83% |           2      3.39%     93.22% |           2      3.39%     96.61% |           2      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          80      4.12%      4.12% |          74      3.81%      7.94% |          63      3.25%     11.19% |          56      2.89%     14.07% |          78      4.02%     18.09% |          77      3.97%     22.06% |          59      3.04%     25.10% |          57      2.94%     28.04% |          78      4.02%     32.06% |          58      2.99%     35.05% |          75      3.87%     38.92% |          58      2.99%     41.91% |          59      3.04%     44.95% |          56      2.89%     47.84% |          55      2.84%     50.67% |          54      2.78%     53.45% |          55      2.84%     56.29% |          58      2.99%     59.28% |          55      2.84%     62.11% |          55      2.84%     64.95% |          56      2.89%     67.84% |          53      2.73%     70.57% |          57      2.94%     73.51% |          57      2.94%     76.44% |          56      2.89%     79.33% |          56      2.89%     82.22% |          57      2.94%     85.15% |          56      2.89%     88.04% |          55      2.84%     90.88% |          55      2.84%     93.71% |          60      3.09%     96.80% |          62      3.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1940                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     16.22%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |           0      0.00%     16.22% |          10     27.03%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |           0      0.00%     43.24% |          12     32.43%     75.68% |           6     16.22%     91.89% |           3      8.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           37                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           5     12.82%     12.82% |           5     12.82%     25.64% |           5     12.82%     38.46% |           1      2.56%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           0      0.00%     41.03% |           8     20.51%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |          15     38.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total           39                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |          17     94.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58617      3.88%      3.88% |       46856      3.10%      6.98% |       46870      3.10%     10.08% |       46821      3.10%     13.18% |       46844      3.10%     16.28% |       46793      3.10%     19.38% |       46818      3.10%     22.48% |       46835      3.10%     25.58% |       46906      3.10%     28.69% |       46843      3.10%     31.79% |       46906      3.10%     34.89% |       46891      3.10%     37.99% |       46932      3.11%     41.10% |       46875      3.10%     44.20% |       46894      3.10%     47.31% |       46790      3.10%     50.41% |       46861      3.10%     53.51% |       46878      3.10%     56.61% |       46896      3.10%     59.71% |       46817      3.10%     62.81% |       46805      3.10%     65.91% |       46823      3.10%     69.01% |       46792      3.10%     72.11% |       46773      3.10%     75.20% |       46873      3.10%     78.31% |       46922      3.11%     81.41% |       46846      3.10%     84.51% |       46758      3.10%     87.61% |       46809      3.10%     90.71% |       46809      3.10%     93.81% |       46778      3.10%     96.90% |       46800      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510731                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     67.95%     67.95% |           0      0.00%     67.95% |           2      2.56%     70.51% |           1      1.28%     71.79% |           1      1.28%     73.08% |           1      1.28%     74.36% |           1      1.28%     75.64% |           1      1.28%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      1.28%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           1      1.28%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           2      2.56%     82.05% |           1      1.28%     83.33% |           1      1.28%     84.62% |           1      1.28%     85.90% |           1      1.28%     87.18% |           2      2.56%     89.74% |           2      2.56%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           3      8.57%     31.43% |           0      0.00%     31.43% |           2      5.71%     37.14% |           1      2.86%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           2      5.71%     54.29% |           1      2.86%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           2     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           8      7.21%      7.21% |           1      0.90%      8.11% |           4      3.60%     11.71% |           3      2.70%     14.41% |          22     19.82%     34.23% |          22     19.82%     54.05% |           1      0.90%     54.95% |           3      2.70%     57.66% |           5      4.50%     62.16% |           1      0.90%     63.06% |           2      1.80%     64.86% |           3      2.70%     67.57% |           2      1.80%     69.37% |           0      0.00%     69.37% |           0      0.00%     69.37% |           0      0.00%     69.37% |           1      0.90%     70.27% |           1      0.90%     71.17% |           5      4.50%     75.68% |           3      2.70%     78.38% |           1      0.90%     79.28% |           1      0.90%     80.18% |           2      1.80%     81.98% |           2      1.80%     83.78% |           2      1.80%     85.59% |           2      1.80%     87.39% |           1      0.90%     88.29% |           3      2.70%     90.99% |           2      1.80%     92.79% |           3      2.70%     95.50% |           4      3.60%     99.10% |           1      0.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          111                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          72      3.94%      3.94% |          73      3.99%      7.93% |          59      3.23%     11.15% |          53      2.90%     14.05% |          56      3.06%     17.11% |          55      3.01%     20.12% |          58      3.17%     23.29% |          54      2.95%     26.24% |          73      3.99%     30.24% |          57      3.12%     33.35% |          73      3.99%     37.34% |          55      3.01%     40.35% |          57      3.12%     43.47% |          56      3.06%     46.53% |          55      3.01%     49.54% |          54      2.95%     52.49% |          54      2.95%     55.44% |          57      3.12%     58.56% |          50      2.73%     61.29% |          52      2.84%     64.13% |          55      3.01%     67.14% |          52      2.84%     69.98% |          55      3.01%     72.99% |          55      3.01%     76.00% |          54      2.95%     78.95% |          54      2.95%     81.90% |          56      3.06%     84.96% |          53      2.90%     87.86% |          53      2.90%     90.76% |          52      2.84%     93.60% |          56      3.06%     96.66% |          61      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1829                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          26    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           26                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         567      3.41%      3.41% |         469      2.82%      6.22% |         464      2.79%      9.01% |         465      2.79%     11.80% |         510      3.06%     14.87% |         469      2.82%     17.69% |         507      3.05%     20.73% |         529      3.18%     23.91% |         546      3.28%     27.19% |         484      2.91%     30.10% |         535      3.21%     33.31% |         567      3.41%     36.72% |         620      3.72%     40.44% |         561      3.37%     43.81% |         578      3.47%     47.28% |         522      3.14%     50.42% |         532      3.20%     53.62% |         570      3.42%     57.04% |         565      3.39%     60.43% |         506      3.04%     63.47% |         502      3.02%     66.49% |         521      3.13%     69.62% |         483      2.90%     72.52% |         470      2.82%     75.35% |         547      3.29%     78.63% |         592      3.56%     82.19% |         534      3.21%     85.40% |         479      2.88%     88.27% |         488      2.93%     91.21% |         509      3.06%     94.26% |         488      2.93%     97.19% |         467      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16646                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18686      7.93%      7.93% |        7079      3.00%     10.93% |        7086      3.01%     13.94% |        7032      2.98%     16.92% |        7003      2.97%     19.89% |        6986      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6991      2.97%     28.79% |        7031      2.98%     31.77% |        7032      2.98%     34.75% |        7065      3.00%     37.75% |        6989      2.96%     40.71% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6994      2.97%     46.65% |        6995      2.97%     49.61% |        6958      2.95%     52.57% |        6997      2.97%     55.53% |        6976      2.96%     58.49% |        7005      2.97%     61.46% |        6984      2.96%     64.43% |        6983      2.96%     67.39% |        6969      2.96%     70.35% |        6994      2.97%     73.31% |        6985      2.96%     76.28% |        7003      2.97%     79.25% |        7006      2.97%     82.22% |        6987      2.96%     85.18% |        6963      2.95%     88.14% |        7004      2.97%     91.11% |        6983      2.96%     94.07% |        6959      2.95%     97.02% |        7023      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235739                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         545      3.26%      3.26% |         471      2.82%      6.08% |         466      2.79%      8.87% |         466      2.79%     11.66% |         512      3.07%     14.73% |         468      2.80%     17.53% |         506      3.03%     20.56% |         532      3.18%     23.74% |         549      3.29%     27.03% |         491      2.94%     29.97% |         536      3.21%     33.18% |         568      3.40%     36.58% |         623      3.73%     40.31% |         567      3.39%     43.70% |         582      3.48%     47.19% |         526      3.15%     50.34% |         536      3.21%     53.54% |         574      3.44%     56.98% |         566      3.39%     60.37% |         512      3.07%     63.43% |         506      3.03%     66.46% |         524      3.14%     69.60% |         483      2.89%     72.49% |         471      2.82%     75.31% |         547      3.27%     78.59% |         595      3.56%     82.15% |         534      3.20%     85.34% |         482      2.89%     88.23% |         493      2.95%     91.18% |         512      3.07%     94.25% |         492      2.95%     97.19% |         469      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16704                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40410      3.13%      3.13% |       40330      3.12%      6.25% |       40342      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40353      3.13%     15.63% |       40363      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40350      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40352      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40337      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40338      3.12%     93.75% |       40351      3.13%     96.88% |       40332      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291056                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173174      8.48%      8.48% |       64261      3.15%     11.63% |       58769      2.88%     14.51% |       58460      2.86%     17.37% |       57800      2.83%     20.20% |       56502      2.77%     22.97% |       55007      2.69%     25.67% |       55299      2.71%     28.38% |       59205      2.90%     31.28% |       57719      2.83%     34.10% |       60648      2.97%     37.07% |       60210      2.95%     40.02% |       56860      2.79%     42.81% |       56795      2.78%     45.59% |       56448      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59147      2.90%     54.04% |       58518      2.87%     56.91% |       59886      2.93%     59.84% |       60878      2.98%     62.82% |       60910      2.98%     65.81% |       63098      3.09%     68.90% |       64329      3.15%     72.05% |       60550      2.97%     75.01% |       61117      2.99%     78.01% |       62471      3.06%     81.07% |       60800      2.98%     84.05% |       61418      3.01%     87.05% |       64091      3.14%     90.19% |       61916      3.03%     93.23% |       70027      3.43%     96.66% |       68234      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041414                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          24     92.31%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      3.85%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           0      0.00%     96.15% |           1      3.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           26                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      277391     23.61%     23.61% |      587491     50.00%     73.61% |       38185      3.25%     76.86% |       40411      3.44%     80.30% |       37727      3.21%     83.51% |       39762      3.38%     86.89% |       37733      3.21%     90.10% |       39036      3.32%     93.43% |       38395      3.27%     96.69% |       38851      3.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      1174982                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      277391     23.61%     23.61% |      587491     50.00%     73.61% |       38185      3.25%     76.86% |       40411      3.44%     80.30% |       37727      3.21%     83.51% |       39762      3.38%     86.89% |       37733      3.21%     90.10% |       39036      3.32%     93.43% |       38395      3.27%     96.69% |       38851      3.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      1174982                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      277391     23.61%     23.61% |      587491     50.00%     73.61% |       38185      3.25%     76.86% |       40411      3.44%     80.30% |       37727      3.21%     83.51% |       39762      3.38%     86.89% |       37733      3.21%     90.10% |       39036      3.32%     93.43% |       38395      3.27%     96.69% |       38851      3.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      1174982                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      277391     23.61%     23.61% |      587491     50.00%     73.61% |       38185      3.25%     76.86% |       40411      3.44%     80.30% |       37727      3.21%     83.51% |       39762      3.38%     86.89% |       37733      3.21%     90.10% |       39036      3.32%     93.43% |       38395      3.27%     96.69% |       38851      3.31%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      1174982                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
