
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.153814                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                153814409000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5329982487500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  18936                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    36057                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               45113049                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4007392                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3409.53                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    64564412                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     122936683                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     25269632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25269632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21421376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       21421376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       394838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             394838                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       334709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            334709                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    164286507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            164286507                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    139267681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           139267681                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    303554188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           303554188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     394839                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    334709                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   394839                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  334709                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              25268480                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               21421184                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25269696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            21421376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            24367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            25077                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            24639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            24954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            24586                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            24927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            24974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            24751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            24658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            24787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           24575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           25069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           24326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           24246                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           24411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           24473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            20935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            20824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            20850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            21143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            20772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            21050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            21070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            21018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            21141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20914                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           20821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                   130939                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    15532                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 153814145500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               394839                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              334709                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 204642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   5813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   3212                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    665                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    780                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                    839                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                    947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                    980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   1080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   1114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  1128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  1120                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  1176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  1263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  1296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1343                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1371                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  1500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  1555                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  1632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  1692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  1831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  1822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  2087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  2238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  2423                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  2735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  2974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  3683                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                136931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  48512                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  51153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  52718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  53201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54392                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  16759                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  21917                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  36057                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       215278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   216.876039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   164.776358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   166.510396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        68258     31.71%     31.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        54276     25.21%     56.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        69830     32.44%     89.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10140      4.71%     94.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5858      2.72%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2914      1.35%     98.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1521      0.71%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          962      0.45%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1519      0.71%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       215278                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.897148                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    18.967783                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        49986     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        49994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.694923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.086309                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.520675                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          40276     80.56%     80.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1953      3.91%     84.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         5065     10.13%     94.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2700      5.40%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        49994                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 65674095944                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            73076970944                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1974100000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   166339.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              185089.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      164.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      139.27                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   164.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   139.27                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.44                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  295034                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 219202                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               65.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    210834.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   70.49                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26565825750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     5136040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT   122107992500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              817319160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              810061560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              445957875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              441997875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1546412400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1532965200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1086397920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1082380320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0        10046094240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1        10046094240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        61112375010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        60855408180                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        38678560500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        38903970000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0         113733117105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1         113672877375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          739.439775                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          739.048124                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     24509312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          24509312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20683584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       20683584                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       382958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             382958                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323181                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            323181                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    159343407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            159343407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    134471043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           134471043                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    293814450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           293814450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     382958                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    323181                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   382958                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  323181                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              24507904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               20683328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               24509312                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            20683584                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    22                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            23652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            24327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            23892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            24204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            23868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            24185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            24229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            24041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            23915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            24037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           23594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           23492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           23598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           23752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            20211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            20116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            20142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            20433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            20058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            20336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20287                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           19918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           20200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           20108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    90444                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    12907                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 153813654500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               382958                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              323181                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 200325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   1487                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   1088                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1275                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                   1535                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                   1694                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                   1928                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   2051                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   2092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   2266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  2429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  2447                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2510                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  2883                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  2850                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  2983                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  3034                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  3126                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  3252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  3364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  3335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  3357                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  3609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  3709                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  3853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  4016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  4305                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  4654                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 97113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  46762                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  50573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  52327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  52999                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  53820                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  16758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  20173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  29769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       186815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   241.897835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   190.800917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   170.369035                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        40114     21.47%     21.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52960     28.35%     49.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70032     37.49%     87.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10333      5.53%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6113      3.27%     96.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2726      1.46%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1620      0.87%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1043      0.56%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1874      1.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       186815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.899554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.621753                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48468     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        48474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.667017                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.078080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.449750                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38561     79.55%     79.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          2932      6.05%     85.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4311      8.89%     94.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2670      5.51%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        48474                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 58089661022                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            65269711022                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1914680000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   151695.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              170445.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      159.33                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      134.47                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   159.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   134.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  291419                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 227870                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                76.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               70.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    217823.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   73.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27041890500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     5136040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT   121631925750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              710352720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              701908200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              387593250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              382985625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1500587400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1486134000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0           1049209200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1           1044880560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0        10046094240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1        10046094240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        60080497740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        59602891320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        39583714500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        40002667500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0         113358049050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1         113267561445                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          737.001269                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          736.412960                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     24509376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          24509376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20685056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       20685056                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       382959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             382959                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            323204                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    159343823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            159343823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    134480613                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           134480613                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    293824436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           293824436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     382959                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    323204                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   382959                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  323204                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              24508224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               20684864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               24509376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            20685056                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            23639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            24300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            23934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            24276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            23867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            24157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            24228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            24028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            23897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            24048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           23814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           24325                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           23625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           23435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           23589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           23779                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            20205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            20113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            20146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            20436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            20058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            20321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            20349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            20296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            20415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            20222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           20093                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           20152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           19927                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           20195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           20149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           20124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    84364                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    13139                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 153813580000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               382959                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              323204                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 200599                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                   1332                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                   1109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                   1380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                   1541                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                   1769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                   2010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   2140                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   2361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   2505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  2581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  2648                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  2917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  2993                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  3132                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  3261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  3470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  3553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  3706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  3641                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  3810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  3927                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  4027                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  4285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  4368                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  4493                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  4789                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 90999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  46725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  50599                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  52528                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  53297                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  53941                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  16677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  19923                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  29514                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       186239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   242.656973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.855700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.908780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        39402     21.16%     21.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52051     27.95%     49.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        71092     38.17%     87.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10514      5.65%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5987      3.21%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2704      1.45%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1544      0.83%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1002      0.54%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1943      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       186239                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.891499                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    15.686551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48519     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        48525                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48525                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.660505                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.074132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.443879                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38580     79.51%     79.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3091      6.37%     85.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4129      8.51%     94.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2725      5.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        48525                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 57003743681                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            64183887431                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1914705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   148857.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              167607.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      159.34                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      134.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   159.34                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   134.48                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.38                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.01                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  291391                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 228502                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                76.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               70.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    217815.97                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   73.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   27138611750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     5136040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT   121535223250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              709468200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              698400360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              387110625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              381071625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1500829200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1485946800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0           1049215680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1           1045029600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0        10046094240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1        10046094240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        59658419295                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        59194300500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        39953970000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        40361091750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0         113305107240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1         113211934875                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          736.656976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          736.051213                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     24489280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          24489280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20682752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       20682752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       382645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             382645                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323168                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            323168                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    159213172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            159213172                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    134465634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           134465634                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    293678806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           293678806                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     382645                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    323168                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   382645                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  323168                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              24488640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    640                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               20682496                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               24489280                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            20682752                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            23629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            24296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            23812                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            24239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            23815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            24167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            24224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            24030                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            23882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            24025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           23880                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           24275                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           23558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           23445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           23607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           23751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            20206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            20109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            20150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            20424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            20053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            20322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            20350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            20283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            20411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            20221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           20092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           20163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           19924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           20201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           20151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           20104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    82374                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    12823                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 153813286000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               382645                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              323168                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 200241                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                   1439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                   1157                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                   1404                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                   1675                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                   1950                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                   2133                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   2352                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   2480                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   2601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  2713                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  2810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2907                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  3017                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  3207                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  3247                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  3354                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  3298                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  3422                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  3485                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  3592                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  3612                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  3746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  3779                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  3819                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  4077                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  4292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  4590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  4840                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5346                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 89076                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  46777                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  50805                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  52689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  53508                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  54102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  16714                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  19608                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  28965                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       185390                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   243.648438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   193.177588                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   169.811406                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        38119     20.56%     20.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        52785     28.47%     49.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        70984     38.29%     87.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10487      5.66%     92.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5788      3.12%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2652      1.43%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1621      0.87%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1005      0.54%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1949      1.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       185390                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        48564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean      7.878840                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    16.053353                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        48558     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        48564                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        48564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.654394                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.071581                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.431754                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          38636     79.56%     79.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          3134      6.45%     86.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         4061      8.36%     94.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2733      5.63%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        48564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 56619705699                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            63794111949                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1913175000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   147973.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              166723.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      159.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      134.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   159.21                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   134.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.37                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  291074                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 229326                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                76.07                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               70.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    217923.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   73.73                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   26224936750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     5136040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT   122448911250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              704879280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              696570840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              384606750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              380073375                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1499121000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1485237000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0           1049040720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1           1044964800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0        10046094240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1        10046094240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        59835990825                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        59287847760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        39798213750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        40279041000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0         113317946565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1         113219829015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          736.740385                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          736.102471                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1144                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1424                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              237                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          474                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1576                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5136                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5610                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          948                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          788                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1100                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.pciconfig.pio            8                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4278                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               187000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              521524                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.occupancy                1000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer20.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              128024                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1856000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          377                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1544192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          377                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               13547086                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 46.948084                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.523211                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                88.975393                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    12736083     94.01%     94.01% |      321293      2.37%     96.39% |      211746      1.56%     97.95% |      136183      1.01%     98.95% |       72027      0.53%     99.49% |       42286      0.31%     99.80% |       18996      0.14%     99.94% |        7602      0.06%     99.99% |         868      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 13547086                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     43673054                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.118475                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.649890                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      3.194248                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    41555873     95.15%     95.15% |     1405652      3.22%     98.37% |       23227      0.05%     98.42% |       29524      0.07%     98.49% |       60387      0.14%     98.63% |      117693      0.27%     98.90% |      159931      0.37%     99.27% |      204457      0.47%     99.73% |      116310      0.27%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      43673054                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            43673052                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              28.187712                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              3.740524                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            181.359931                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    43288511     99.12%     99.12% |      298476      0.68%     99.80% |       72600      0.17%     99.97% |       11471      0.03%    100.00% |        1703      0.00%    100.00% |         253      0.00%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              43673052                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        41501642                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000156                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000131                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.014086                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    41495694     99.99%     99.99% |        5818      0.01%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          41501642                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        2171410                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        509.591477                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       253.388670                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       646.268203                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     1786869     82.29%     82.29% |      298476     13.75%     96.04% |       72600      3.34%     99.38% |       11471      0.53%     99.91% |        1703      0.08%     99.99% |         253      0.01%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          2171410                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                     3145728                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8519680                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         152634                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       152634                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          800                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          576                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          495                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          473                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26909728                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses      1312077                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     28221805                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     14586995                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       127050                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     14714045                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       481572                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        46094                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       189705                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2130394                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        78027                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           14                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           14                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits          595                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses        88960                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        89555                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        31741                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits          616                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91530                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92146                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        32522                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          621                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91528                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles        32935                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          610                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91538                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        32724                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits          611                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91540                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        32858                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses        94110                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        94741                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        33609                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits          631                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91518                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92149                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        33281                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits          604                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses        91547                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        92151                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        33166                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       119209                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        59686                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       178895                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        20151                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        47879                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        68030                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        16799                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        47927                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        64726                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        16217                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        47912                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        64129                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        12581                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        47951                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        60532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        13426                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        47893                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        61319                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        12518                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        47913                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        60431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        12892                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        47811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        60703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        15562                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        47881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        63443                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        14932                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        47892                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        62824                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        15782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        47916                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        63698                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        16472                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        47839                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        64311                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        14414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        47889                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        62303                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        16258                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        47823                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        64081                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        19059                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        47843                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        66902                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        20119                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        47811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        67930                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        16198                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        47793                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        63991                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        16966                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        47896                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        64862                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        18406                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        47942                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        66348                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        16292                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        47866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        64158                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        18411                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        47776                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        66187                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        20348                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        47831                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        68179                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        19318                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        47832                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        67150                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        14183                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        47844                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        62027                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        27397                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        47797                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        75194                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        24889                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        72703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        13602                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        47866                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        61468                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        13677                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        47814                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        61491                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        11033                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        47840                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        58873                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        10840                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        47856                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        58696                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        14915                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        47928                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        62843                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        15120                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        47864                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        62984                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     21760756                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     21760756                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     22033101                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     21760756                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8890145                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8878728                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     21760755                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.070737                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads      9639085                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes      9639085                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9897546                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9639085                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4319069                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4308097                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity      9639085                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.031333                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      7212136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      7212136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7504858                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7212136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2705687                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2695012                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      7212136                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.023444                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      6095415                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      6095415                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6373513                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6095415                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2344507                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2335299                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      6095415                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.019814                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads      8415393                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes      8415393                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8752963                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8415393                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3590556                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3569309                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity      8415393                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.027356                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      8719798                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      8719798                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9040603                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8719798                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3635011                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3625858                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      8719798                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.028345                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads      9243363                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes      9243363                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9592724                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9243363                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3334634                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3325075                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity      9243363                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.030047                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      6307563                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      6307563                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6638685                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6307563                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2398966                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2390011                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      6307563                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.020504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      4223863                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      4223863                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4382276                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4223863                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1663894                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1656411                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      4223863                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.013730                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      5555600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      5555600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5796928                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5555600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2353052                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2342180                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      5555600                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.018059                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      3887351                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      3887351                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3984728                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3887351                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1465010                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1462531                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      3887351                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.012636                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3442447                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3442447                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3469142                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3442447                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1278019                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1277595                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3442447                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.011190                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4767195                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4767195                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4805469                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4767195                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1967348                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1966731                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4767195                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.015497                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3645588                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3645588                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3675864                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3645588                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1373140                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1372688                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3645588                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.011851                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2103869                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2103869                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2129434                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2103869                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity       768941                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity       768557                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2103869                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.006839                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3209036                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3209036                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3259620                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3209036                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1166857                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1165968                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3209036                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.010432                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4325543                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4325543                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4377040                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4325543                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1519172                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1518243                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4325543                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.014061                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3361442                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3361442                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3419692                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3361442                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1206438                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1205278                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3361442                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.010927                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3432670                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3432670                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3516180                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3432670                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1254469                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1252710                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3432670                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.011158                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      1959256                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      1959256                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1983133                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1959256                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       724290                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       723824                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      1959256                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.006369                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1797082                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1797082                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1802141                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1797082                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       720085                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       720034                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1797082                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.005842                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2430028                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2430028                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2438268                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2430028                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1034422                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1033980                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2430028                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.007899                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2109959                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2109959                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2117887                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2109959                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity       845545                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity       845431                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2109959                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.006859                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1311394                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1311394                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1311394                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1311394                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       499454                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       499454                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1311394                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.004263                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1757469                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1757469                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1762647                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1757469                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       674378                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       674333                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1757469                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.005713                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2407901                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2407901                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2415880                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2407901                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1013956                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1013569                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2407901                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.007827                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2068611                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2068611                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2076323                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2068611                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity       819734                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity       819655                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2068611                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.006724                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1331760                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1331760                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1331760                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1331760                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       506404                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       506404                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1331760                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.004329                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      7852686                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      7852686                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8305148                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7852686                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2929139                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2922698                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      7852685                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.025526                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7872607                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7872607                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8174358                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7872607                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2893777                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2887287                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7872607                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.025591                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      7884731                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      7884731                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8300225                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7884731                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2900680                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2893635                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      7884731                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.025631                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      8220707                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      8220707                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8592217                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8220707                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3033707                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3025875                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      8220707                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.026723                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    12909587     29.50%     29.50% |    28798819     65.80%     95.29% |     2060284      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     43768690                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    12909588     29.50%     29.50% |    28798820     65.80%     95.29% |     2060284      4.71%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     43768692                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   492583496                       |   692711634                       |    45974770                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   661332464                       |   117275922                       |     2060284                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   38.156410                       |   24.053474                       |   22.314773                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   51.228011                       |    4.072248                       |           1                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    28.131294                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    17.836236                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         45.967530                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.002239                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.052643      7.63%      7.63% |    0.052624      7.63%     15.27% |    0.051200      7.43%     22.69% |    0.051105      7.41%     30.10% |    0.112184     16.27%     46.37% |    0.112163     16.27%     62.64% |    0.112106     16.26%     78.90% |    0.112023     16.25%     95.14% |    0.008371      1.21%     96.36% |    0.008373      1.21%     97.57% |    0.008372      1.21%     98.79% |    0.008371      1.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       0.689536                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.017102                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.027818                       |    0.000000                       |    0.001703                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001754                       |    0.001803                       |    0.001753                       |    0.001754                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004522                       |    0.002139                       |    0.002029                       |    0.002023                       |    0.002012                       |    0.002008                       |    0.001960                       |    0.001959                       |    0.002039                       |    0.002036                       |    0.002075                       |    0.002064                       |    0.001994                       |    0.002006                       |    0.001991                       |    0.001996                       |    0.002049                       |    0.002037                       |    0.002056                       |    0.002068                       |    0.002064                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002061                       |    0.002078                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002100                       |    0.002141                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002274                       |    0.002228                       |    0.007696                       |    0.007463                       |    0.007463                       |    0.007457                       |    0.000079                       |           0                       |    0.000365                       |    0.000862                       |    0.000061                       |    0.000066                       |    0.000062                       |    0.000066                       |    0.000061                       |    0.000067                       |    0.000056                       |    0.000058                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002203                       |    0.000080                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002143                       |    0.001416                       |    0.001783                       |    0.002153                       |    0.000056                       |    0.002549                       |    0.005327                       |    0.001863                       |           0                       |    0.002277                       |    0.006836                       |           0                       |    0.005293                       |    0.008414                       |    0.002706                       |    0.001733                       |    0.002143                       |    0.000061                       |    0.005656                       |    0.004418                       |    0.009432                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002127                       |    0.000066                       |    0.007896                       |    0.004952                       |    0.002989                       |           0                       |    0.002243                       |    0.006609                       |           0                       |    0.008186                       |    0.005025                       |    0.003529                       |           0                       |    0.002186                       |           0                       |    0.004142                       |    0.002513                       |    0.002349                       |           0                       |    0.002217                       |           0                       |    0.002078                       |    0.001418                       |           0                       |    0.002250                       |           0                       |    0.001151                       |    0.002117                       |    0.002381                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002141                       |    0.000058                       |    0.002447                       |    0.004105                       |    0.005305                       |    0.002219                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002122                       |    0.000062                       |    0.004707                       |    0.008228                       |    0.007156                       |    0.003297                       |    0.027700                       |    0.003981                       |    0.000365                       |    0.003342                       |    0.013583                       |    0.017715                       |    0.004052                       |    0.000000                       |    0.002247                       |    0.000862                       |    0.003368                       |    0.006648                       |    0.014129                       |    0.004079                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002113                       |    0.000066                       |    0.006917                       |    0.005459                       |    0.007893                       |    0.004113                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002024                       |    0.004102                       |    0.004079                       |    0.003172                       |           0                       |    0.002242                       |           0                       |    0.001122                       |    0.002107                       |    0.002356                       |           0                       |    0.002259                       |           0                       |    0.000261                       |    0.002138                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |    0.002185                       |           0                       |    0.002003                       |    0.002340                       |    0.003990                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.002412                       |    0.006609                       |           0                       |    0.001935                       |    0.005315                       |    0.007239                       |    0.002121                       |    0.001784                       |    0.002080                       |    0.000061                       |    0.014795                       |    0.005689                       |    0.003468                       |    0.002170                       |    0.001834                       |    0.002086                       |    0.000067                       |    0.002169                       |    0.007898                       |    0.004292                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.002341                       |    0.006607                       |           0                       |    0.002758                       |    0.008224                       |    0.004607                       |    0.002187                       |           0                       |    0.002122                       |           0                       |    0.001153                       |    0.004072                       |    0.002303                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |    0.002207                       |           0                       |    0.000222                       |    0.002065                       |    0.002230                       |           0                       |    0.002202                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002061                       |           0                       |    0.002119                       |           0                       |    0.000890                       |           0                       |    0.003830                       |           0                       |    0.002121                       |           0                       |    0.002917                       |    0.000668                       |    0.004725                       |           0                       |    0.002170                       |           0                       |    0.007084                       |    0.002484                       |    0.002322                       |           0                       |    0.002158                       |           0                       |    0.000903                       |    0.005117                       |    0.002749                       |           0                       |    0.002187                       |           0                       |    0.004562                       |    0.004410                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002201                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004168                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002230                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.002100                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     0.689536                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        14473019                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     14473019                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       694936                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     11821733                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        11166976                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.461413                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          573360                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        29677                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             14678668                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              95035                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            22452663                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188694                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         14773703                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        22641357                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  37131331                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  283729                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              37415060                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             14721231                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses              10096                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         14731327                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  14721231                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                   10096                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              14731327                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                300802163                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     47162839                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               76130637                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            14473019                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     11740336                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             247605016                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles         1521658                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             147758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       206486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       376028                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         2942                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       348117                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          14720626                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        341377                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            4327                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    296610015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.504025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.705202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        265886564     89.64%     89.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          5809634      1.96%     91.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          1713128      0.58%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          1354195      0.46%     92.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          4955412      1.67%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          5251889      1.77%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1189716      0.40%     96.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           614817      0.21%     96.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          9834660      3.32%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    296610015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.048115                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.253092                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         28184749                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     243838938                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles          17708107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       6117385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         760829                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      141489289                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         760829                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         30908118                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       151354569                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     16934545                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          20801883                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      75850064                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      138187541                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         89448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        2742368                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         534579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       70992017                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    150485137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     311620595                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    187221664                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups           74                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     132803114                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         17681995                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       443200                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       447725                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          41524825                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      7862548                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     23012665                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1022716                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores       786589                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          135364446                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       574961                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         139517355                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       294453                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     12599949                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     17047620                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       141894                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    296610015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.470373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.212860                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    239653380     80.80%     80.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22445686      7.57%     88.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13691465      4.62%     92.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8646824      2.92%     95.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3419469      1.15%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3977486      1.34%     98.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3730206      1.26%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       562267      0.19%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       483232      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    296610015                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          123980      8.84%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         954442     68.05%     76.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        324151     23.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       504832      0.36%      0.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     101213353     72.55%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        63749      0.05%     72.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52325      0.04%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14895617     10.68%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     22787479     16.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      139517355                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.463818                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1402573                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010053                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    577341696                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    148549138                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    130352846                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads           55                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          136                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           20                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      140415068                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              28                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1516445                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1341256                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2778                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        10067                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1075078                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1820                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8245408                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         760829                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5517863                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     142718812                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    135939407                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       105778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       7862548                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     23012665                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       565868                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         100345                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     142479387                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        10067                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       407026                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       369063                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       776089                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     138216657                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      14667657                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1017521                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             37159408                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         12118432                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           22491751                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.459494                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              130494055                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             130352866                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          78003711                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers         112201456                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.433351                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.695211                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12929691                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       433067                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       707760                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    294383086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417608                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.206655                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    245284528     83.32%     83.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     19181925      6.52%     89.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10980235      3.73%     93.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     10787559      3.66%     97.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2236342      0.76%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       503146      0.17%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2390333      0.81%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       523632      0.18%     99.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2495386      0.85%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    294383086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     64564411                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps      122936680                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               28458867                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6521288                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5773                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           11412580                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                  0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         122361957                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       491302                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       217996      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     94146591     76.58%     76.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        62387      0.05%     76.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50839      0.04%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6521288      5.30%     82.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     21937579     17.84%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total    122936680                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2495386                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            427545968                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           273972224                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   88178                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4192148                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              6826231                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            64564411                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             122936680                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.658947                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.658947                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.214641                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.214641                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        190686075                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        95146691                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                20                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               56                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          60449067                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         45331879                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        61922431                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         444951                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               2383728500                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            2383728499.999997                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-1.34218e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+08-2.68435e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-4.02653e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-6.71089e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.71089e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-9.39524e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.39524e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.20796e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.20796e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.4764e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.4764e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.74483e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.74483e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.01327e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.01327e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.2817e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.2817e+09-2.41592e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.55014e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.55014e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       6248155                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        72.110153                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       36.117419                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      126.004018                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     5437165     87.02%     87.02% |      321280      5.14%     92.16% |      211746      3.39%     95.55% |      136183      2.18%     97.73% |       72027      1.15%     98.88% |       42286      0.68%     99.56% |       18996      0.30%     99.86% |        7602      0.12%     99.99% |         868      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         6248155                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       7280171                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        25.416854                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       23.311214                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        9.817436                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1151412     15.82%     15.82% |     3994001     54.86%     70.68% |     2031643     27.91%     98.58% |       97964      1.35%     99.93% |        4333      0.06%     99.99% |         620      0.01%    100.00% |         140      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         7280171                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         18760                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        22.135928                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       20.824056                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        7.119001                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         659      3.51%      3.51% |        2265     12.07%     15.59% |        8570     45.68%     61.27% |        4398     23.44%     84.71% |        2837     15.12%     99.83% |          30      0.16%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           18760                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          6160316                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           48.512830                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           4.118709                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         264.816240                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     6043087     98.10%     98.10% |       87960      1.43%     99.52% |       24666      0.40%     99.93% |        4005      0.07%     99.99% |         536      0.01%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            6160316                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      5712342                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000644                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000554                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.025855                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5708695     99.94%     99.94% |        3639      0.06%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        5712342                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples       447974                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     628.861626                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    233.805411                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    775.334768                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |      330745     73.83%     73.83% |       87960     19.64%     93.47% |       24666      5.51%     98.97% |        4005      0.89%     99.87% |         536      0.12%     99.99% |          55      0.01%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total        447974                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         22472307                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           38.849297                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.128259                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         209.704098                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    22205085     98.81%     98.81% |      210458      0.94%     99.75% |       47907      0.21%     99.96% |        7461      0.03%     99.99% |        1167      0.01%    100.00% |         198      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           22472307                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     20904060                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000128                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000104                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.014363                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    20901861     99.99%     99.99% |        2077      0.01%    100.00% |         103      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       20904060                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1568247                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     516.703341                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    290.839440                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    620.225395                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1301025     82.96%     82.96% |      210458     13.42%     96.38% |       47907      3.05%     99.44% |        7461      0.48%     99.91% |        1167      0.07%     99.99% |         198      0.01%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1568247                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     14714043                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        3.752665                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.085431                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      10.926955                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    14713680    100.00%    100.00% |         279      0.00%    100.00% |          34      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       14714043                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     14586995                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000370                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    14586993    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     14586995                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       127048                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    90.169731                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    77.523375                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    79.342272                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      126685     99.71%     99.71% |         279      0.22%     99.93% |          34      0.03%     99.96% |          20      0.02%     99.98% |          12      0.01%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       127048                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       325080                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     12.098437                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     4.019617                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    39.064926                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      324957     99.96%     99.96% |         117      0.04%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       325080                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       296967                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000337                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000291                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.018347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      296867     99.97%     99.97% |         100      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       296967                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        28113                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   108.204710                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    88.298435                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    86.809264                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       27990     99.56%     99.56% |         117      0.42%     99.98% |           3      0.01%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        28113                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.033691                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.415886                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    18.368971                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         625     95.71%     95.71% |          19      2.91%     98.62% |           5      0.77%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           0      0.00%     99.39% |           2      0.31%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         625    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          625                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    73.750000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    61.948683                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    56.388615                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          19     67.86%     67.86% |           5     17.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           2      7.14%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          653                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         653    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          653                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks        13410                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      1677603                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access        99006                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                    42498                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                    33294                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                    42638                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                    35846                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    42533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                    35560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    42397                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                    35865                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    42658                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                    35572                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   42588                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                   37799                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                   42533                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                   35378                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   42512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                   35624                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                   8222                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                   5618                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                   8082                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                   5658                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                   8187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                   5944                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                   8323                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                   5639                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                   8062                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                   5932                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                  8132                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                  6297                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                  8187                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                  6126                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                  8208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                  5880                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    31541                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    24079                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    31065                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    25401                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    31544                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    25942                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    31349                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    25378                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    31537                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    26146                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   31259                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   27204                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   32293                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   26594                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   31997                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   26302                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses                38912                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses                50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses                41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses               44096                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses               50720                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses               41504                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                  999917                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            139672301234006                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            139672301406965                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                  791815                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 1035992                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                31670331                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles               359369831                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles               359215959                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles               359406153                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles               359207788                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles              359374812                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles              359208975                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles              359498665                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles              359290737                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles              359437538                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles              359266424                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                    9872                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                   10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                  11184                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  14624                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                  10528                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  29040                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 32912                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 36096                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 30976                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                11928                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                 8371                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                11824                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                 9046                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                11810                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                 8863                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                11724                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                 8939                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                11854                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits                 8929                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               11794                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits                9465                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               11767                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits                8822                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               11705                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits                8904                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses               2696                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses               1501                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses               2800                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses               1482                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses               2814                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses               1665                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses               2900                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses               1589                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses               2770                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses               1599                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses              2830                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses              1719                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses              2857                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses              1706                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses              2919                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses              1624                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               30570                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               24923                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               30814                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               26800                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               30723                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               26697                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               30673                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               26926                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               30804                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               26643                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              30794                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              28334                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              30766                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              26556                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              30807                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              26720                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses              5526                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses              4117                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses              5282                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses              4176                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses              5373                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses              4279                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses              5423                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses              4050                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses              5292                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses              4333                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses             5302                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses             4578                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses             5330                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses             4420                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses             5289                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses             4256                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      17                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                2478063                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                2058636                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                2470427                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                2101312                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                2455987                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                2078208                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                2474724                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                2142206                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                2459731                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                2071780                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               2493868                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               2129217                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               2510393                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               2104028                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               2470018                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               2137843                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     240                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    272                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    256                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               1459325                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               1059013                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               1514169                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               1174712                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               1382325                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               1089188                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               1537870                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               1253487                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               1488295                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               1185860                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              1524327                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              1189929                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              1629689                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              1077569                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              1473627                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              1324713                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles             597893                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles             489623                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles             596874                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles             521665                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles             596772                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles             523063                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles             596327                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles             526811                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles             595464                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles             523012                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles            597001                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles            557799                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles            597104                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles            521756                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles            596485                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles            522072                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              2960208                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2635027                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2909048                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2675790                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3079469                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2754047                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2878515                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2657974                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              2937683                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2640277                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2935590                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2786970                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             2795677                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2721751                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             2877699                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2555042                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          1459325                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          1059013                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          1514169                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          1174712                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          1382325                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          1089188                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          1537870                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          1253487                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          1488295                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          1185860                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         1524327                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         1189929                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         1629689                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         1077569                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         1473627                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         1324713                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time        594300                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time        483680                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time        594209                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time        515804                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time        594200                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time        515222                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time        594214                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time        514066                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time        594357                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time        515008                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time       594414                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time       547406                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time       594194                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time       515396                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time       593937                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time       514982                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         1885794                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         1592812                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         1864003                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         1635505                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         1875338                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         1626148                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         1870960                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         1650828                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         1876412                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         1596388                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        1887077                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        1662264                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        1863458                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        1618020                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        1838920                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        1634582                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            2451456                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            2032430                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            2437307                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            2069285                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            2441187                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            2058907                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            2441459                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            2107855                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            2437885                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            2041977                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           2470494                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           2109818                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           2479196                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           2071284                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           2422939                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           2101365                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         302962442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         305477566                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         302962438                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         305477562                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         302962444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         305477568                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         302962440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         305477564                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         302962449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         305477573                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        302962445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        305477569                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        302962461                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        305477585                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        302962457                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        305477581                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          2460194                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles          2049677                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          2457170                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles          2089816                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          2436167                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles          2069100                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          2452033                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles          2126356                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          2447623                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles          2061427                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         2474648                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles         2115022                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         2496963                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles         2093058                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         2456054                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles         2116164                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0               955                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0               700                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0               943                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0               715                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0               947                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0               724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0               963                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0               720                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0               951                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0               725                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0              958                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0              783                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0              936                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0              724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0              942                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0              724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1              6296                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1              5762                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              6888                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1              6342                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1              6419                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1              5975                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1              6684                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1              6467                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1              6378                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1              5704                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1             6709                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1             6644                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1             5724                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1             5364                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1             6076                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1             5574                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2              2895                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2              2130                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2              3133                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2              2337                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2              2786                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2              2119                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2              3102                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2              2408                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2              2858                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2              2078                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2             3061                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2             2452                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2             2430                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2             1880                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2             2614                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2             1935                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles          193600                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles          108135                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles          211126                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles          108986                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles          211802                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles          116067                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles          204034                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles          109223                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles          201145                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles          123187                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles         205293                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles         101586                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles         215397                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles         123354                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles         198189                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles         121383                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      394812     25.58%     25.58% |      382958     24.81%     50.39% |      382959     24.81%     75.21% |      382645     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1543374                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      328878     25.68%     25.68% |      317343     24.77%     50.45% |      317363     24.78%     75.23% |      317325     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1280909                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      394838     25.58%     25.58% |      382958     24.81%     50.39% |      382959     24.81%     75.21% |      382645     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1543400                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      334709     25.66%     25.66% |      323181     24.78%     50.44% |      323204     24.78%     75.22% |      323168     24.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1304262                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           82                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6032     25.00%     25.00% |        6032     25.00%     50.00% |        6032     25.00%     75.00% |        6032     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24128                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |       57742     25.14%     25.14% |       57423     25.00%     50.14% |       57404     24.99%     75.13% |       57128     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       229697                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      394812     25.58%     25.58% |      382958     24.81%     50.39% |      382959     24.81%     75.21% |      382645     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1543374                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           27                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5831     24.97%     24.97% |        5838     25.00%     49.97% |        5841     25.01%     74.98% |        5843     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23353                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      328622     25.67%     25.67% |      317149     24.78%     50.45% |      317172     24.78%     75.23% |      317136     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1280079                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |       57742     25.14%     25.14% |       57423     25.00%     50.14% |       57404     24.99%     75.13% |       57128     24.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       229697                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      394811     25.58%     25.58% |      382958     24.81%     50.39% |      382959     24.81%     75.21% |      382645     24.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1543373                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      328622     25.67%     25.67% |      317149     24.78%     50.45% |      317172     24.78%     75.23% |      317136     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1280079                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          775                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         201     25.94%     25.94% |         194     25.03%     50.97% |         191     24.65%     75.61% |         189     24.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          775                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24128                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           82                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24128    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24128                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     5961411     96.74%     96.74% |          14      0.00%     96.74% |       24432      0.40%     97.14% |       25088      0.41%     97.55% |       25088      0.41%     97.95% |       25088      0.41%     98.36% |       25088      0.41%     98.77% |       25744      0.42%     99.19% |       25088      0.41%     99.59% |       25088      0.41%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      6162129                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    14714093    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     14714093                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    22262576     97.65%     97.65% |           0      0.00%     97.65% |       65126      0.29%     97.93% |       67059      0.29%     98.23% |       67062      0.29%     98.52% |       67062      0.29%     98.81% |       67064      0.29%     99.11% |       68997      0.30%     99.41% |       67064      0.29%     99.71% |       67064      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     22799074                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       18651     99.67%     99.67% |          14      0.07%     99.75% |          14      0.07%     99.82% |           5      0.03%     99.85% |           4      0.02%     99.87% |           3      0.02%     99.89% |           4      0.02%     99.91% |           5      0.03%     99.94% |           5      0.03%     99.96% |           7      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        18712                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1433941     66.32%     66.32% |           0      0.00%     66.32% |       88458      4.09%     70.41% |       91035      4.21%     74.62% |       91026      4.21%     78.83% |       91031      4.21%     83.04% |       91034      4.21%     87.25% |       93611      4.33%     91.58% |       91016      4.21%     95.79% |       91050      4.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      2162202                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     25.93%     25.93% |           7     25.93%     51.85% |           2      7.41%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           4     14.81%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           6     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           4     19.05%     28.57% |           3     14.29%     42.86% |           2      9.52%     52.38% |           2      9.52%     61.90% |           3     14.29%     76.19% |           2      9.52%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      247357     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24072      5.41%     60.98% |       24719      5.55%     66.54% |       24720      5.55%     72.09% |       24721      5.55%     77.64% |       24719      5.55%     83.20% |       25364      5.70%     88.89% |       24715      5.55%     94.45% |       24716      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       445115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           7     33.33%     42.86% |           2      9.52%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           0      0.00%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           3     14.29%     80.95% |           4     19.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |     1191752     69.04%     69.04% |           0      0.00%     69.04% |       64881      3.76%     72.80% |       66809      3.87%     76.67% |       66807      3.87%     80.54% |       66816      3.87%     84.41% |       66821      3.87%     88.28% |       68745      3.98%     92.26% |       66800      3.87%     96.13% |       66827      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1726258                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |     1307117     64.22%     64.22% |           0      0.00%     64.22% |       88429      4.34%     68.57% |       91006      4.47%     73.04% |       91010      4.47%     77.51% |       91022      4.47%     81.99% |       91020      4.47%     86.46% |       93593      4.60%     91.06% |       91001      4.47%     95.53% |       91022      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2035220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      249976     55.83%     55.83% |          14      0.00%     55.83% |       24080      5.38%     61.21% |       24721      5.52%     66.73% |       24722      5.52%     72.25% |       24722      5.52%     77.77% |       24720      5.52%     83.29% |       25367      5.67%     88.96% |       24718      5.52%     94.48% |       24721      5.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       447761                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122542    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122542                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |     1061825     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       64880      4.06%     70.58% |       66809      4.19%     74.77% |       66806      4.18%     78.95% |       66816      4.19%     83.14% |       66820      4.19%     87.32% |       68743      4.31%     91.63% |       66800      4.18%     95.81% |       66826      4.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1596325                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11164     99.61%     99.61% |           0      0.00%     99.61% |          12      0.11%     99.71% |           5      0.04%     99.76% |           4      0.04%     99.79% |           3      0.03%     99.82% |           4      0.04%     99.86% |           5      0.04%     99.90% |           5      0.04%     99.95% |           6      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        11208                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         213    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          213                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        4508    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         4508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          47    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           47                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1830     98.49%     98.49% |           0      0.00%     98.49% |           7      0.38%     98.87% |           7      0.38%     99.25% |           2      0.11%     99.35% |           1      0.05%     99.41% |           4      0.22%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           0      0.00%     99.62% |           7      0.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1858                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      152318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       152318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    14586995    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     14586995                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        5443     99.96%     99.96% |           2      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         5445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      124375     99.96%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |          12      0.01%     99.97% |           5      0.00%     99.98% |           4      0.00%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.98% |           4      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       124419                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2578921     99.89%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |         352      0.01%     99.90% |         367      0.01%     99.91% |         366      0.01%     99.93% |         366      0.01%     99.94% |         368      0.01%     99.96% |         377      0.01%     99.97% |         370      0.01%     99.99% |         367      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2581854                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       59001    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        59001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        1868     99.36%     99.36% |          12      0.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         1880                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      186415     48.54%     48.54% |           0      0.00%     48.54% |       24050      6.26%     54.80% |       24698      6.43%     61.24% |       24715      6.44%     67.67% |       24701      6.43%     74.10% |       24698      6.43%     80.53% |       25362      6.60%     87.14% |       24695      6.43%     93.57% |       24697      6.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       384031                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     21.05%     21.05% |           3     15.79%     36.84% |           2     10.53%     47.37% |           2     10.53%     57.89% |           3     15.79%     73.68% |           2     10.53%     84.21% |           2     10.53%     94.74% |           1      5.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2978170    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2978170                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    21141318     99.99%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |         243      0.00%     99.99% |         249      0.00%     99.99% |         255      0.00%     99.99% |         244      0.00%    100.00% |         243      0.00%    100.00% |         254      0.00%    100.00% |         261      0.00%    100.00% |         237      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     21143304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         175     98.31%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           2      1.12%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           0      0.00%     99.44% |           1      0.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          178                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |     1120702     67.87%     67.87% |           0      0.00%     67.87% |       64379      3.90%     71.77% |       66308      4.02%     75.79% |       66295      4.01%     79.80% |       66321      4.02%     83.82% |       66322      4.02%     87.84% |       68231      4.13%     91.97% |       66306      4.02%     95.98% |       66325      4.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1651189                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     25.93%     25.93% |           7     25.93%     51.85% |           2      7.41%     59.26% |           1      3.70%     62.96% |           4     14.81%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           0      0.00%     77.78% |           6     22.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         606     98.54%     98.54% |           0      0.00%     98.54% |           2      0.33%     98.86% |           0      0.00%     98.86% |           0      0.00%     98.86% |           0      0.00%     98.86% |           0      0.00%     98.86% |           6      0.98%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |           1      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total          615                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      247357     55.57%     55.57% |          12      0.00%     55.57% |       24072      5.41%     60.98% |       24719      5.55%     66.54% |       24720      5.55%     72.09% |       24721      5.55%     77.64% |       24719      5.55%     83.20% |       25364      5.70%     88.89% |       24715      5.55%     94.45% |       24716      5.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       445115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      9.52%      9.52% |           7     33.33%     42.86% |           2      9.52%     52.38% |           1      4.76%     57.14% |           1      4.76%     61.90% |           0      0.00%     61.90% |           1      4.76%     66.67% |           3     14.29%     80.95% |           4     19.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      129880    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       129886                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |          13     14.44%     14.44% |           0      0.00%     14.44% |           8      8.89%     23.33% |          17     18.89%     42.22% |          10     11.11%     53.33% |           5      5.56%     58.89% |           6      6.67%     65.56% |           7      7.78%     73.33% |          10     11.11%     84.44% |          14     15.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total           90                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |     1061872     66.52%     66.52% |           0      0.00%     66.52% |       64880      4.06%     70.58% |       66809      4.19%     74.77% |       66806      4.18%     78.95% |       66816      4.19%     83.14% |       66820      4.19%     87.32% |       68743      4.31%     91.63% |       66800      4.18%     95.81% |       66826      4.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1596372                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          16    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           16                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        1813    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         1813                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          48    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         369     96.85%     96.85% |           0      0.00%     96.85% |           3      0.79%     97.64% |           1      0.26%     97.90% |           1      0.26%     98.16% |           2      0.52%     98.69% |           1      0.26%     98.95% |           0      0.00%     98.95% |           3      0.79%     99.74% |           1      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total          381                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |     1307116     64.22%     64.22% |           0      0.00%     64.22% |       88429      4.34%     68.57% |       91006      4.47%     73.04% |       91010      4.47%     77.51% |       91022      4.47%     81.99% |       91020      4.47%     86.46% |       93593      4.60%     91.06% |       91001      4.47%     95.53% |       91022      4.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2035219                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.08%      3.08% |        3740      2.94%      6.03% |        3536      2.78%      8.81% |        3534      2.78%     11.59% |        3657      2.88%     14.47% |        4077      3.21%     17.67% |        3851      3.03%     20.70% |        3395      2.67%     23.38% |        3668      2.89%     26.26% |        5259      4.14%     30.40% |        4065      3.20%     33.60% |        3927      3.09%     36.69% |        3666      2.88%     39.57% |        4522      3.56%     43.13% |        3960      3.12%     46.25% |        3831      3.01%     49.26% |        4270      3.36%     52.62% |        4305      3.39%     56.01% |        3752      2.95%     58.96% |        3432      2.70%     61.66% |        3174      2.50%     64.16% |        3786      2.98%     67.14% |        3594      2.83%     69.96% |        3439      2.71%     72.67% |        3753      2.95%     75.62% |        3867      3.04%     78.67% |        3358      2.64%     81.31% |        4763      3.75%     85.06% |        4097      3.22%     88.28% |        5240      4.12%     92.40% |        5171      4.07%     96.47% |        4486      3.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       127093                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      108434     24.20%     24.20% |       13870      3.10%     27.30% |       11535      2.57%     29.88% |       12322      2.75%     32.63% |       11482      2.56%     35.19% |       10961      2.45%     37.64% |        9719      2.17%     39.81% |        9717      2.17%     41.97% |       11687      2.61%     44.58% |       10325      2.30%     46.89% |       13057      2.91%     49.80% |       12101      2.70%     52.50% |       10143      2.26%     54.77% |        9917      2.21%     56.98% |        9378      2.09%     59.08% |        9711      2.17%     61.24% |       10940      2.44%     63.68% |       10105      2.26%     65.94% |       10359      2.31%     68.25% |       10699      2.39%     70.64% |       10619      2.37%     73.01% |       11065      2.47%     75.48% |       12404      2.77%     78.25% |        9957      2.22%     80.47% |       10147      2.27%     82.74% |       10761      2.40%     85.14% |        9977      2.23%     87.37% |        9722      2.17%     89.54% |       11135      2.49%     92.02% |       10191      2.27%     94.30% |       11928      2.66%     96.96% |       13617      3.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       447985                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       66545      4.17%      4.17% |       50421      3.16%      7.33% |       47234      2.96%     10.29% |       46168      2.89%     13.18% |       46345      2.90%     16.08% |       46470      2.91%     18.99% |       45303      2.84%     21.83% |       45591      2.86%     24.69% |       47489      2.97%     27.66% |       47400      2.97%     30.63% |       47606      2.98%     33.61% |       48111      3.01%     36.62% |       46723      2.93%     39.55% |       46880      2.94%     42.49% |       47090      2.95%     45.44% |       47161      2.95%     48.39% |       48233      3.02%     51.41% |       48414      3.03%     54.45% |       49583      3.11%     57.55% |       50180      3.14%     60.70% |       50288      3.15%     63.85% |       52051      3.26%     67.11% |       51932      3.25%     70.36% |       50595      3.17%     73.53% |       50962      3.19%     76.72% |       51720      3.24%     79.96% |       50823      3.18%     83.14% |       51702      3.24%     86.38% |       52959      3.32%     89.70% |       51725      3.24%     92.94% |       58102      3.64%     96.58% |       54601      3.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1596407                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      172979      8.50%      8.50% |       64063      3.15%     11.65% |       58560      2.88%     14.52% |       58274      2.86%     17.39% |       57591      2.83%     20.22% |       56289      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.68% |       55104      2.71%     28.38% |       58959      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60436      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56264      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58986      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.91% |       59707      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.81% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60911      2.99%     78.01% |       62289      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61232      3.01%     87.05% |       63902      3.14%     90.19% |       61727      3.03%     93.23% |       69838      3.43%     96.66% |       68021      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2035221                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       51109      3.99%      3.99% |       39625      3.10%      7.09% |       39648      3.10%     10.19% |       39640      3.10%     13.28% |       39616      3.10%     16.38% |       39626      3.10%     19.47% |       39629      3.10%     22.57% |       39635      3.10%     25.67% |       39644      3.10%     28.76% |       39643      3.10%     31.86% |       39644      3.10%     34.96% |       39652      3.10%     38.06% |       39624      3.10%     41.15% |       39636      3.10%     44.25% |       39637      3.10%     47.35% |       39623      3.10%     50.44% |       39663      3.10%     53.54% |       39648      3.10%     56.64% |       39655      3.10%     59.74% |       39649      3.10%     62.83% |       39631      3.10%     65.93% |       39660      3.10%     69.03% |       39653      3.10%     72.13% |       39646      3.10%     75.22% |       39654      3.10%     78.32% |       39651      3.10%     81.42% |       39649      3.10%     84.52% |       39639      3.10%     87.61% |       39645      3.10%     90.71% |       39631      3.10%     93.81% |       39639      3.10%     96.90% |       39635      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1279979                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        7412      3.23%      3.23% |        7204      3.13%      6.36% |        7193      3.13%      9.49% |        7156      3.11%     12.60% |        7203      3.13%     15.74% |        7140      3.11%     18.85% |        7163      3.12%     21.96% |        7173      3.12%     25.08% |        7236      3.15%     28.23% |        7173      3.12%     31.36% |        7236      3.15%     34.50% |        7213      3.14%     37.64% |        7279      3.17%     40.81% |        7210      3.14%     43.95% |        7229      3.15%     47.09% |        7141      3.11%     50.20% |        7171      3.12%     53.32% |        7196      3.13%     56.45% |        7214      3.14%     59.59% |        7142      3.11%     62.70% |        7144      3.11%     65.81% |        7134      3.10%     68.91% |        7110      3.09%     72.01% |        7100      3.09%     75.10% |        7195      3.13%     78.23% |        7242      3.15%     81.38% |        7168      3.12%     84.50% |        7090      3.09%     87.58% |        7138      3.11%     90.69% |        7153      3.11%     93.80% |        7109      3.09%     96.90% |        7130      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       229797                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       59637      3.86%      3.86% |       47879      3.10%      6.97% |       47889      3.10%     10.07% |       47844      3.10%     13.17% |       47865      3.10%     16.27% |       47813      3.10%     19.37% |       47840      3.10%     22.47% |       47856      3.10%     25.57% |       47928      3.11%     28.67% |       47864      3.10%     31.78% |       47927      3.11%     34.88% |       47912      3.10%     37.99% |       47951      3.11%     41.09% |       47893      3.10%     44.20% |       47913      3.10%     47.30% |       47811      3.10%     50.40% |       47881      3.10%     53.50% |       47892      3.10%     56.60% |       47916      3.10%     59.71% |       47839      3.10%     62.81% |       47823      3.10%     65.91% |       47843      3.10%     69.01% |       47811      3.10%     72.10% |       47793      3.10%     75.20% |       47896      3.10%     78.30% |       47942      3.11%     81.41% |       47866      3.10%     84.51% |       47776      3.10%     87.61% |       47830      3.10%     90.71% |       47832      3.10%     93.81% |       47797      3.10%     96.90% |       47814      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1543373                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       58613      3.88%      3.88% |       46855      3.10%      6.98% |       46865      3.10%     10.08% |       46820      3.10%     13.18% |       46841      3.10%     16.28% |       46789      3.10%     19.38% |       46816      3.10%     22.48% |       46832      3.10%     25.58% |       46904      3.10%     28.69% |       46840      3.10%     31.79% |       46903      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46927      3.11%     41.10% |       46869      3.10%     44.20% |       46889      3.10%     47.31% |       46787      3.10%     50.41% |       46857      3.10%     53.51% |       46868      3.10%     56.61% |       46892      3.10%     59.71% |       46815      3.10%     62.81% |       46799      3.10%     65.91% |       46819      3.10%     69.01% |       46787      3.10%     72.11% |       46769      3.10%     75.20% |       46872      3.10%     78.31% |       46918      3.11%     81.41% |       46842      3.10%     84.51% |       46752      3.09%     87.61% |       46806      3.10%     90.71% |       46808      3.10%     93.81% |       46773      3.10%     96.90% |       46790      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1510605                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          56     31.11%     31.11% |           0      0.00%     31.11% |           6      3.33%     34.44% |           4      2.22%     36.67% |          22     12.22%     48.89% |          24     13.33%     62.22% |           2      1.11%     63.33% |           4      2.22%     65.56% |           4      2.22%     67.78% |           1      0.56%     68.33% |           3      1.67%     70.00% |           3      1.67%     71.67% |           2      1.11%     72.78% |           0      0.00%     72.78% |           0      0.00%     72.78% |           0      0.00%     72.78% |           2      1.11%     73.89% |           1      0.56%     74.44% |           6      3.33%     77.78% |           3      1.67%     79.44% |           1      0.56%     80.00% |           3      1.67%     81.67% |           3      1.67%     83.33% |           3      1.67%     85.00% |           3      1.67%     86.67% |           3      1.67%     88.33% |           3      1.67%     90.00% |           4      2.22%     92.22% |           4      2.22%     94.44% |           4      2.22%     96.67% |           5      2.78%     99.44% |           1      0.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          180                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          20    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |          22     91.67%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      4.17%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           0      0.00%     95.83% |           1      4.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           24                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         640      3.46%      3.46% |         547      2.96%      6.41% |         528      2.85%      9.27% |         522      2.82%     12.09% |         566      3.06%     15.14% |         527      2.85%     17.99% |         565      3.05%     21.04% |         587      3.17%     24.22% |         624      3.37%     27.59% |         545      2.94%     30.53% |         612      3.31%     33.84% |         623      3.37%     37.20% |         676      3.65%     40.86% |         619      3.34%     44.20% |         634      3.43%     47.63% |         577      3.12%     50.74% |         586      3.17%     53.91% |         622      3.36%     57.27% |         615      3.32%     60.59% |         559      3.02%     63.61% |         556      3.00%     66.62% |         572      3.09%     69.71% |         537      2.90%     72.61% |         526      2.84%     75.45% |         603      3.26%     78.71% |         647      3.50%     82.20% |         589      3.18%     85.39% |         530      2.86%     88.25% |         543      2.93%     91.18% |         561      3.03%     94.21% |         543      2.93%     97.15% |         528      2.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        18509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      173291      8.49%      8.49% |       64269      3.15%     11.64% |       58762      2.88%     14.51% |       58468      2.86%     17.38% |       57799      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55008      2.69%     25.67% |       55300      2.71%     28.38% |       59171      2.90%     31.28% |       57721      2.83%     34.11% |       60647      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56864      2.79%     42.81% |       56795      2.78%     45.59% |       56449      2.77%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59171      2.90%     54.04% |       58513      2.87%     56.91% |       59894      2.93%     59.84% |       60879      2.98%     62.83% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63098      3.09%     68.90% |       64326      3.15%     72.05% |       60549      2.97%     75.02% |       61099      2.99%     78.01% |       62476      3.06%     81.07% |       60798      2.98%     84.05% |       61419      3.01%     87.06% |       64092      3.14%     90.20% |       61916      3.03%     93.23% |       70029      3.43%     96.66% |       68215      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041503                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         184     11.08%     11.08% |          52      3.13%     14.22% |          48      2.89%     17.11% |          48      2.89%     20.00% |          46      2.77%     22.77% |          46      2.77%     25.54% |          48      2.89%     28.43% |          48      2.89%     31.33% |          48      2.89%     34.22% |          48      2.89%     37.11% |          46      2.77%     39.88% |          46      2.77%     42.65% |          48      2.89%     45.54% |          46      2.77%     48.31% |          46      2.77%     51.08% |          46      2.77%     53.86% |          46      2.77%     56.63% |          48      2.89%     59.52% |          46      2.77%     62.29% |          48      2.89%     65.18% |          48      2.89%     68.07% |          50      3.01%     71.08% |          48      2.89%     73.98% |          46      2.77%     76.75% |          46      2.77%     79.52% |          50      3.01%     82.53% |          50      3.01%     85.54% |          46      2.77%     88.31% |          46      2.77%     91.08% |          48      2.89%     93.98% |          50      3.01%     96.99% |          50      3.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1660                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         542      3.26%      3.26% |         470      2.83%      6.09% |         464      2.79%      8.88% |         465      2.80%     11.68% |         513      3.09%     14.77% |         467      2.81%     17.58% |         504      3.03%     20.62% |         528      3.18%     23.79% |         547      3.29%     27.09% |         487      2.93%     30.02% |         533      3.21%     33.23% |         566      3.41%     36.63% |         618      3.72%     40.35% |         561      3.38%     43.73% |         579      3.49%     47.22% |         523      3.15%     50.36% |         533      3.21%     53.57% |         569      3.43%     57.00% |         563      3.39%     60.39% |         509      3.06%     63.45% |         503      3.03%     66.48% |         520      3.13%     69.61% |         480      2.89%     72.50% |         468      2.82%     75.31% |         546      3.29%     78.60% |         592      3.56%     82.16% |         533      3.21%     85.37% |         479      2.88%     88.26% |         489      2.94%     91.20% |         509      3.06%     94.26% |         488      2.94%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        16613                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       18684      7.93%      7.93% |        7080      3.00%     10.93% |        7084      3.01%     13.94% |        7032      2.98%     16.92% |        7002      2.97%     19.89% |        6983      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6992      2.97%     28.79% |        7032      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7065      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.72% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6994      2.97%     46.65% |        6993      2.97%     49.62% |        6958      2.95%     52.57% |        6996      2.97%     55.54% |        6972      2.96%     58.49% |        7004      2.97%     61.47% |        6985      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6969      2.96%     70.35% |        6992      2.97%     73.31% |        6984      2.96%     76.28% |        7003      2.97%     79.25% |        7005      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6961      2.95%     88.13% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6986      2.96%     94.07% |        6960      2.95%     97.02% |        7018      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       235715                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       40411      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40351      3.13%     15.63% |       40363      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1291046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3371      3.05%      3.05% |        3260      2.95%      6.01% |        3068      2.78%      8.79% |        3061      2.77%     11.56% |        3142      2.85%     14.41% |        3606      3.27%     17.68% |        3343      3.03%     20.71% |        2859      2.59%     23.30% |        3120      2.83%     26.13% |        4771      4.32%     30.45% |        3529      3.20%     33.65% |        3350      3.04%     36.68% |        3044      2.76%     39.44% |        3961      3.59%     43.03% |        3377      3.06%     46.09% |        3308      3.00%     49.09% |        3737      3.39%     52.48% |        3735      3.38%     55.86% |        3177      2.88%     58.74% |        2923      2.65%     61.39% |        2670      2.42%     63.81% |        3265      2.96%     66.77% |        3112      2.82%     69.59% |        2969      2.69%     72.28% |        3202      2.90%     75.18% |        3272      2.97%     78.14% |        2823      2.56%     80.70% |        4283      3.88%     84.58% |        3596      3.26%     87.84% |        4723      4.28%     92.12% |        4673      4.23%     96.36% |        4020      3.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110350                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        1661     58.65%     58.65% |          21      0.74%     59.39% |           5      0.18%     59.57% |          25      0.88%     60.45% |          12      0.42%     60.88% |         911     32.17%     93.04% |          14      0.49%     93.54% |           8      0.28%     93.82% |           4      0.14%     93.96% |           4      0.14%     94.10% |          14      0.49%     94.60% |           3      0.11%     94.70% |           2      0.07%     94.77% |           2      0.07%     94.84% |          22      0.78%     95.62% |           5      0.18%     95.80% |           2      0.07%     95.87% |           6      0.21%     96.08% |          52      1.84%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |           0      0.00%     97.92% |          18      0.64%     98.55% |          10      0.35%     98.91% |           3      0.11%     99.01% |          10      0.35%     99.36% |           5      0.18%     99.54% |           2      0.07%     99.61% |           5      0.18%     99.79% |           1      0.04%     99.82% |           1      0.04%     99.86% |           2      0.07%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total         2832                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           2      6.90%      6.90% |           6     20.69%     27.59% |           2      6.90%     34.48% |           2      6.90%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           0      0.00%     41.38% |           1      3.45%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           0      0.00%     44.83% |           1      3.45%     48.28% |           1      3.45%     51.72% |           0      0.00%     51.72% |           4     13.79%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           0      0.00%     65.52% |           5     17.24%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           0      0.00%     82.76% |           1      3.45%     86.21% |           2      6.90%     93.10% |           1      3.45%     96.55% |           1      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           0      0.00%     12.50% |           4     25.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           0      0.00%     43.75% |           3     18.75%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           4     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         564      3.39%      3.39% |         469      2.82%      6.22% |         464      2.79%      9.01% |         465      2.80%     11.81% |         511      3.08%     14.88% |         468      2.82%     17.70% |         506      3.05%     20.75% |         528      3.18%     23.92% |         546      3.29%     27.21% |         484      2.91%     30.12% |         534      3.21%     33.34% |         566      3.41%     36.74% |         618      3.72%     40.46% |         561      3.38%     43.84% |         577      3.47%     47.31% |         521      3.14%     50.45% |         531      3.20%     53.64% |         568      3.42%     57.06% |         563      3.39%     60.45% |         505      3.04%     63.49% |         502      3.02%     66.51% |         519      3.12%     69.64% |         482      2.90%     72.54% |         469      2.82%     75.36% |         547      3.29%     78.65% |         591      3.56%     82.21% |         534      3.21%     85.42% |         477      2.87%     88.29% |         486      2.93%     91.22% |         507      3.05%     94.27% |         486      2.93%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        16615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.81%      5.81% |          10     11.63%     17.44% |           4      4.65%     22.09% |           8      9.30%     31.40% |           2      2.33%     33.72% |           4      4.65%     38.37% |           4      4.65%     43.02% |           1      1.16%     44.19% |           1      1.16%     45.35% |           1      1.16%     46.51% |           3      3.49%     50.00% |           1      1.16%     51.16% |           4      4.65%     55.81% |           0      0.00%     55.81% |           4      4.65%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           0      0.00%     60.47% |           1      1.16%     61.63% |          12     13.95%     75.58% |           0      0.00%     75.58% |           1      1.16%     76.74% |           1      1.16%     77.91% |           2      2.33%     80.23% |           2      2.33%     82.56% |           5      5.81%     88.37% |           3      3.49%     91.86% |           2      2.33%     94.19% |           1      1.16%     95.35% |           0      0.00%     95.35% |           1      1.16%     96.51% |           2      2.33%     98.84% |           1      1.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           86                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       88066     42.06%     42.06% |        6768      3.23%     45.29% |        4444      2.12%     47.41% |        5264      2.51%     49.92% |        4468      2.13%     52.06% |        3064      1.46%     53.52% |        2708      1.29%     54.81% |        2717      1.30%     56.11% |        4650      2.22%     58.33% |        3288      1.57%     59.90% |        5976      2.85%     62.76% |        5110      2.44%     65.20% |        3147      1.50%     66.70% |        2921      1.39%     68.09% |        2363      1.13%     69.22% |        2748      1.31%     70.53% |        3942      1.88%     72.42% |        3127      1.49%     73.91% |        3303      1.58%     75.49% |        3714      1.77%     77.26% |        3639      1.74%     79.00% |        4078      1.95%     80.95% |        5402      2.58%     83.53% |        2970      1.42%     84.94% |        3134      1.50%     86.44% |        3751      1.79%     88.23% |        2991      1.43%     89.66% |        2756      1.32%     90.98% |        4128      1.97%     92.95% |        3204      1.53%     94.48% |        4966      2.37%     96.85% |        6596      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       209403                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       26102      8.55%      8.55% |       10086      3.30%     11.85% |        6891      2.26%     14.11% |        5819      1.91%     16.02% |        5977      1.96%     17.98% |        6092      2.00%     19.97% |        4963      1.63%     21.60% |        5255      1.72%     23.32% |        7140      2.34%     25.66% |        7055      2.31%     27.97% |        7276      2.38%     30.35% |        7753      2.54%     32.89% |        6380      2.09%     34.98% |        6542      2.14%     37.12% |        6749      2.21%     39.34% |        6831      2.24%     41.57% |        7881      2.58%     44.16% |        8063      2.64%     46.80% |        9229      3.02%     49.82% |        9835      3.22%     53.04% |        9948      3.26%     56.30% |       11697      3.83%     60.13% |       11593      3.80%     63.93% |       10254      3.36%     67.29% |       10614      3.48%     70.77% |       11373      3.73%     74.49% |       10473      3.43%     77.92% |       11365      3.72%     81.64% |       12623      4.14%     85.78% |       11388      3.73%     89.51% |       17753      5.82%     95.33% |       14270      4.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       305270                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       51107      3.99%      3.99% |       39619      3.10%      7.09% |       39642      3.10%     10.19% |       39635      3.10%     13.28% |       39615      3.10%     16.38% |       39621      3.10%     19.47% |       39627      3.10%     22.57% |       39631      3.10%     25.67% |       39642      3.10%     28.76% |       39641      3.10%     31.86% |       39640      3.10%     34.96% |       39651      3.10%     38.06% |       39623      3.10%     41.15% |       39635      3.10%     44.25% |       39635      3.10%     47.34% |       39622      3.10%     50.44% |       39662      3.10%     53.54% |       39647      3.10%     56.64% |       39652      3.10%     59.73% |       39649      3.10%     62.83% |       39631      3.10%     65.93% |       39658      3.10%     69.03% |       39651      3.10%     72.13% |       39644      3.10%     75.22% |       39652      3.10%     78.32% |       39650      3.10%     81.42% |       39646      3.10%     84.52% |       39637      3.10%     87.61% |       39642      3.10%     90.71% |       39629      3.10%     93.81% |       39637      3.10%     96.90% |       39633      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1279906                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        6771      3.21%      3.21% |        6663      3.15%      6.36% |        6665      3.16%      9.51% |        6635      3.14%     12.66% |        6616      3.13%     15.79% |        6595      3.12%     18.91% |        6598      3.12%     22.03% |        6586      3.12%     25.15% |        6610      3.13%     28.28% |        6629      3.14%     31.42% |        6625      3.14%     34.56% |        6588      3.12%     37.67% |        6602      3.13%     40.80% |        6592      3.12%     43.92% |        6597      3.12%     47.04% |        6565      3.11%     50.15% |        6584      3.12%     53.27% |        6574      3.11%     56.38% |        6596      3.12%     59.50% |        6580      3.11%     62.62% |        6587      3.12%     65.74% |        6561      3.11%     68.84% |        6572      3.11%     71.95% |        6573      3.11%     75.06% |        6591      3.12%     78.19% |        6593      3.12%     81.31% |        6579      3.11%     84.42% |        6558      3.10%     87.53% |        6595      3.12%     90.65% |        6590      3.12%     93.77% |        6563      3.11%     96.87% |        6603      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       211236                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          19     90.48%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           0      0.00%     90.48% |           1      4.76%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      172977      8.50%      8.50% |       64063      3.15%     11.65% |       58560      2.88%     14.52% |       58274      2.86%     17.39% |       57591      2.83%     20.22% |       56289      2.77%     22.98% |       54815      2.69%     25.68% |       55104      2.71%     28.38% |       58959      2.90%     31.28% |       57530      2.83%     34.11% |       60436      2.97%     37.08% |       60019      2.95%     40.03% |       56675      2.78%     42.81% |       56607      2.78%     45.59% |       56264      2.76%     48.36% |       56682      2.79%     51.14% |       58986      2.90%     54.04% |       58329      2.87%     56.91% |       59707      2.93%     59.84% |       60693      2.98%     62.82% |       60722      2.98%     65.81% |       62911      3.09%     68.90% |       64138      3.15%     72.05% |       60359      2.97%     75.01% |       60911      2.99%     78.01% |       62289      3.06%     81.07% |       60609      2.98%     84.04% |       61232      3.01%     87.05% |       63902      3.14%     90.19% |       61727      3.03%     93.23% |       69838      3.43%     96.66% |       68021      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2035219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           2      3.39%      3.39% |           2      3.39%      6.78% |           5      8.47%     15.25% |           4      6.78%     22.03% |           1      1.69%     23.73% |           3      5.08%     28.81% |           2      3.39%     32.20% |           4      6.78%     38.98% |           2      3.39%     42.37% |           1      1.69%     44.07% |           3      5.08%     49.15% |           1      1.69%     50.85% |           1      1.69%     52.54% |           1      1.69%     54.24% |           1      1.69%     55.93% |           1      1.69%     57.63% |           1      1.69%     59.32% |           1      1.69%     61.02% |           2      3.39%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           0      0.00%     64.41% |           2      3.39%     67.80% |           2      3.39%     71.19% |           2      3.39%     74.58% |           1      1.69%     76.27% |           1      1.69%     77.97% |           3      5.08%     83.05% |           2      3.39%     86.44% |           2      3.39%     89.83% |           2      3.39%     93.22% |           2      3.39%     96.61% |           2      3.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |          77      3.96%      3.96% |          72      3.70%      7.66% |          64      3.29%     10.95% |          56      2.88%     13.82% |          76      3.91%     17.73% |          77      3.96%     21.69% |          59      3.03%     24.72% |          59      3.03%     27.75% |          80      4.11%     31.86% |          60      3.08%     34.94% |          77      3.96%     38.90% |          59      3.03%     41.93% |          59      3.03%     44.96% |          57      2.93%     47.89% |          55      2.83%     50.72% |          55      2.83%     53.55% |          56      2.88%     56.42% |          54      2.77%     59.20% |          55      2.83%     62.02% |          57      2.93%     64.95% |          55      2.83%     67.78% |          54      2.77%     70.55% |          56      2.88%     73.43% |          58      2.98%     76.41% |          57      2.93%     79.34% |          58      2.98%     82.32% |          55      2.83%     85.15% |          55      2.83%     87.98% |          57      2.93%     90.90% |          56      2.88%     93.78% |          60      3.08%     96.87% |          61      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1946                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           7     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           9     21.43%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |           0      0.00%     38.10% |          12     28.57%     66.67% |           6     14.29%     80.95% |           8     19.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           2     25.00%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           2     25.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          15     93.75%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       58613      3.88%      3.88% |       46855      3.10%      6.98% |       46865      3.10%     10.08% |       46820      3.10%     13.18% |       46841      3.10%     16.28% |       46789      3.10%     19.38% |       46816      3.10%     22.48% |       46832      3.10%     25.58% |       46904      3.10%     28.69% |       46840      3.10%     31.79% |       46903      3.10%     34.89% |       46888      3.10%     38.00% |       46927      3.11%     41.10% |       46869      3.10%     44.20% |       46889      3.10%     47.31% |       46787      3.10%     50.41% |       46857      3.10%     53.51% |       46868      3.10%     56.61% |       46892      3.10%     59.71% |       46815      3.10%     62.81% |       46799      3.10%     65.91% |       46819      3.10%     69.01% |       46787      3.10%     72.11% |       46769      3.10%     75.20% |       46872      3.10%     78.31% |       46918      3.11%     81.41% |       46842      3.10%     84.51% |       46752      3.09%     87.61% |       46806      3.10%     90.71% |       46808      3.10%     93.81% |       46773      3.10%     96.90% |       46790      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1510605                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          38      4.90%      4.90% |          26      3.35%      8.25% |          24      3.09%     11.34% |          24      3.09%     14.43% |          23      2.96%     17.40% |          23      2.96%     20.36% |          24      3.09%     23.45% |          24      3.09%     26.55% |          24      3.09%     29.64% |          24      3.09%     32.73% |          23      2.96%     35.70% |          23      2.96%     38.66% |          24      3.09%     41.75% |          23      2.96%     44.72% |          23      2.96%     47.68% |          23      2.96%     50.64% |          23      2.96%     53.61% |          24      3.09%     56.70% |          23      2.96%     59.66% |          24      3.09%     62.76% |          24      3.09%     65.85% |          25      3.22%     69.07% |          24      3.09%     72.16% |          23      2.96%     75.13% |          23      2.96%     78.09% |          25      3.22%     81.31% |          25      3.22%     84.54% |          23      2.96%     87.50% |          23      2.96%     90.46% |          24      3.09%     93.56% |          25      3.22%     96.78% |          25      3.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          776                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          53     67.95%     67.95% |           0      0.00%     67.95% |           2      2.56%     70.51% |           1      1.28%     71.79% |           1      1.28%     73.08% |           1      1.28%     74.36% |           1      1.28%     75.64% |           1      1.28%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      1.28%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           0      0.00%     78.21% |           1      1.28%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           0      0.00%     79.49% |           2      2.56%     82.05% |           1      1.28%     83.33% |           1      1.28%     84.62% |           1      1.28%     85.90% |           1      1.28%     87.18% |           2      2.56%     89.74% |           2      2.56%     92.31% |           2      2.56%     94.87% |           2      2.56%     97.44% |           2      2.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      8.57%      8.57% |           2      5.71%     14.29% |           3      8.57%     22.86% |           3      8.57%     31.43% |           0      0.00%     31.43% |           2      5.71%     37.14% |           1      2.86%     40.00% |           3      8.57%     48.57% |           2      5.71%     54.29% |           1      2.86%     57.14% |           2      5.71%     62.86% |           1      2.86%     65.71% |           1      2.86%     68.57% |           1      2.86%     71.43% |           1      2.86%     74.29% |           1      2.86%     77.14% |           1      2.86%     80.00% |           1      2.86%     82.86% |           1      2.86%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      2.86%     88.57% |           1      2.86%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           0      0.00%     91.43% |           1      2.86%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           0      0.00%     94.29% |           2      5.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     13.33%     13.33% |          13     86.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |           3      3.00%      3.00% |           0      0.00%      3.00% |           4      4.00%      7.00% |           3      3.00%     10.00% |          21     21.00%     31.00% |          22     22.00%     53.00% |           1      1.00%     54.00% |           3      3.00%     57.00% |           4      4.00%     61.00% |           1      1.00%     62.00% |           2      2.00%     64.00% |           3      3.00%     67.00% |           2      2.00%     69.00% |           0      0.00%     69.00% |           0      0.00%     69.00% |           0      0.00%     69.00% |           2      2.00%     71.00% |           1      1.00%     72.00% |           5      5.00%     77.00% |           3      3.00%     80.00% |           1      1.00%     81.00% |           1      1.00%     82.00% |           2      2.00%     84.00% |           2      2.00%     86.00% |           2      2.00%     88.00% |           2      2.00%     90.00% |           1      1.00%     91.00% |           2      2.00%     93.00% |           1      1.00%     94.00% |           2      2.00%     96.00% |           3      3.00%     99.00% |           1      1.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          100                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          73      3.96%      3.96% |          72      3.90%      7.86% |          60      3.25%     11.11% |          53      2.87%     13.98% |          55      2.98%     16.96% |          55      2.98%     19.95% |          58      3.14%     23.09% |          56      3.04%     26.12% |          76      4.12%     30.24% |          59      3.20%     33.44% |          75      4.07%     37.51% |          56      3.04%     40.54% |          57      3.09%     43.63% |          57      3.09%     46.72% |          55      2.98%     49.70% |          55      2.98%     52.68% |          54      2.93%     55.61% |          53      2.87%     58.48% |          50      2.71%     61.19% |          54      2.93%     64.12% |          54      2.93%     67.05% |          53      2.87%     69.92% |          54      2.93%     72.85% |          56      3.04%     75.88% |          55      2.98%     78.86% |          56      3.04%     81.90% |          54      2.93%     84.82% |          53      2.87%     87.70% |          56      3.04%     90.73% |          54      2.93%     93.66% |          57      3.09%     96.75% |          60      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         1845                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         564      3.39%      3.39% |         469      2.82%      6.22% |         464      2.79%      9.01% |         465      2.80%     11.81% |         511      3.08%     14.88% |         468      2.82%     17.70% |         506      3.05%     20.75% |         528      3.18%     23.92% |         546      3.29%     27.21% |         484      2.91%     30.12% |         534      3.21%     33.34% |         566      3.41%     36.74% |         618      3.72%     40.46% |         561      3.38%     43.84% |         577      3.47%     47.31% |         521      3.14%     50.45% |         531      3.20%     53.64% |         568      3.42%     57.06% |         563      3.39%     60.45% |         505      3.04%     63.49% |         502      3.02%     66.51% |         519      3.12%     69.64% |         482      2.90%     72.54% |         469      2.82%     75.36% |         547      3.29%     78.65% |         591      3.56%     82.21% |         534      3.21%     85.42% |         477      2.87%     88.29% |         486      2.93%     91.22% |         507      3.05%     94.27% |         486      2.93%     97.20% |         466      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        16615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     28.57%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           2     14.29%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           1      7.14%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           0      0.00%     71.43% |           1      7.14%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           0      0.00%     78.57% |           1      7.14%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       18681      7.93%      7.93% |        7080      3.00%     10.93% |        7084      3.01%     13.93% |        7032      2.98%     16.92% |        7002      2.97%     19.89% |        6983      2.96%     22.85% |        6997      2.97%     25.82% |        6992      2.97%     28.79% |        7032      2.98%     31.77% |        7033      2.98%     34.75% |        7065      3.00%     37.75% |        6988      2.96%     40.71% |        6994      2.97%     43.68% |        6994      2.97%     46.65% |        6993      2.97%     49.62% |        6958      2.95%     52.57% |        6996      2.97%     55.54% |        6972      2.96%     58.49% |        7004      2.97%     61.46% |        6985      2.96%     64.43% |        6980      2.96%     67.39% |        6969      2.96%     70.35% |        6992      2.97%     73.31% |        6984      2.96%     76.28% |        7003      2.97%     79.25% |        7005      2.97%     82.22% |        6984      2.96%     85.18% |        6961      2.95%     88.13% |        7005      2.97%     91.11% |        6986      2.96%     94.07% |        6960      2.95%     97.02% |        7018      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       235712                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         545      3.28%      3.28% |         470      2.83%      6.11% |         464      2.79%      8.90% |         465      2.80%     11.70% |         512      3.08%     14.78% |         467      2.81%     17.59% |         504      3.03%     20.63% |         528      3.18%     23.80% |         547      3.29%     27.10% |         487      2.93%     30.03% |         533      3.21%     33.24% |         566      3.41%     36.64% |         618      3.72%     40.36% |         561      3.38%     43.74% |         579      3.48%     47.22% |         523      3.15%     50.37% |         533      3.21%     53.58% |         569      3.42%     57.00% |         563      3.39%     60.39% |         509      3.06%     63.45% |         503      3.03%     66.48% |         520      3.13%     69.61% |         480      2.89%     72.50% |         468      2.82%     75.32% |         546      3.29%     78.60% |         592      3.56%     82.17% |         533      3.21%     85.37% |         479      2.88%     88.26% |         489      2.94%     91.20% |         509      3.06%     94.26% |         488      2.94%     97.20% |         465      2.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        16615                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       40411      3.13%      3.13% |       40329      3.12%      6.25% |       40341      3.12%      9.38% |       40347      3.13%     12.50% |       40351      3.13%     15.63% |       40363      3.13%     18.76% |       40339      3.12%     21.88% |       40336      3.12%     25.00% |       40349      3.13%     28.13% |       40344      3.12%     31.25% |       40329      3.12%     34.38% |       40358      3.13%     37.50% |       40339      3.12%     40.63% |       40338      3.12%     43.75% |       40341      3.12%     46.88% |       40330      3.12%     50.00% |       40352      3.13%     53.13% |       40351      3.13%     56.25% |       40349      3.13%     59.38% |       40345      3.12%     62.50% |       40340      3.12%     65.63% |       40354      3.13%     68.75% |       40339      3.12%     71.88% |       40341      3.12%     75.00% |       40347      3.13%     78.13% |       40345      3.12%     81.25% |       40349      3.13%     84.38% |       40336      3.12%     87.50% |       40336      3.12%     90.63% |       40337      3.12%     93.75% |       40349      3.13%     96.88% |       40331      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1291046                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           4      8.89%      8.89% |           6     13.33%     22.22% |           2      4.44%     26.67% |           6     13.33%     40.00% |           1      2.22%     42.22% |           0      0.00%     42.22% |           1      2.22%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      2.22%     46.67% |           1      2.22%     48.89% |           0      0.00%     48.89% |           4      8.89%     57.78% |           0      0.00%     57.78% |           3      6.67%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           0      0.00%     64.44% |           9     20.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           0      0.00%     84.44% |           1      2.22%     86.67% |           2      4.44%     91.11% |           1      2.22%     93.33% |           1      2.22%     95.56% |           0      0.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           45                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      173287      8.49%      8.49% |       64263      3.15%     11.64% |       58760      2.88%     14.51% |       58462      2.86%     17.38% |       57798      2.83%     20.21% |       56502      2.77%     22.98% |       55007      2.69%     25.67% |       55300      2.71%     28.38% |       59171      2.90%     31.28% |       57720      2.83%     34.11% |       60646      2.97%     37.08% |       60209      2.95%     40.03% |       56860      2.79%     42.81% |       56795      2.78%     45.59% |       56446      2.76%     48.36% |       56867      2.79%     51.14% |       59171      2.90%     54.04% |       58513      2.87%     56.91% |       59885      2.93%     59.84% |       60879      2.98%     62.82% |       60907      2.98%     65.81% |       63098      3.09%     68.90% |       64326      3.15%     72.05% |       60549      2.97%     75.02% |       61098      2.99%     78.01% |       62474      3.06%     81.07% |       60797      2.98%     84.05% |       61418      3.01%     87.06% |       64092      3.14%     90.20% |       61915      3.03%     93.23% |       70028      3.43%     96.66% |       68215      3.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2041458                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          18     90.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           1      5.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           0      0.00%     95.00% |           1      5.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           20                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      112418     21.19%     21.19% |      265308     50.00%     71.19% |       18769      3.54%     74.72% |       20390      3.84%     78.57% |       19002      3.58%     82.15% |       20376      3.84%     85.99% |       18726      3.53%     89.52% |       20640      3.89%     93.41% |       17090      3.22%     96.63% |       17897      3.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total       530616                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      112418     21.19%     21.19% |      265308     50.00%     71.19% |       18769      3.54%     74.72% |       20390      3.84%     78.57% |       19002      3.58%     82.15% |       20376      3.84%     85.99% |       18726      3.53%     89.52% |       20640      3.89%     93.41% |       17090      3.22%     96.63% |       17897      3.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total       530616                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      112418     21.19%     21.19% |      265308     50.00%     71.19% |       18769      3.54%     74.72% |       20390      3.84%     78.57% |       19002      3.58%     82.15% |       20376      3.84%     85.99% |       18726      3.53%     89.52% |       20640      3.89%     93.41% |       17090      3.22%     96.63% |       17897      3.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total       530616                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      112418     21.19%     21.19% |      265308     50.00%     71.19% |       18769      3.54%     74.72% |       20390      3.84%     78.57% |       19002      3.58%     82.15% |       20376      3.84%     85.99% |       18726      3.53%     89.52% |       20640      3.89%     93.41% |       17090      3.22%     96.63% |       17897      3.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total       530616                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
