
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.092972                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 92972168500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5269140247000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  52084                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    91982                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              114843476                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                5826016                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   809.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    42165183                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      74464586                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     21133376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          21133376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     11913472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       11913472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       330209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             330209                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       186148                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            186148                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    227308627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            227308627                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    128140197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           128140197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    355448824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           355448824                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     330209                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    186148                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   330209                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  186148                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              21131008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   2368                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               11913472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               21133376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            11913472                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    37                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            20358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            21005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            20527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            20867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            20519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            21046                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            20645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            20709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            20704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            20906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           20618                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           20956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           20272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           20153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           20484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           20403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            11660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            11670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            11651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            11616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            11930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            11562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            11685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            11898                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            11721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           11525                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           11709                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           11346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           11311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           11751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           11601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                     3062                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                     2148                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  92971605500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               330209                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              186148                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 153957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  36508                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  27865                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  21043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  16425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  13078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  10304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                   8186                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                   6537                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                   5315                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                  4410                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                  3570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                  3070                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                  2439                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                  2125                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                  1767                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                  1442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                  1237                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                  1110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                   985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                   805                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                   717                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                   637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                   575                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                   514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                   425                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                   401                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                   327                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                   319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                   269                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                   296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                  3514                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  33038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  35506                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  36070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  35955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  35440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                   3592                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                   2690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                   3857                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       158777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   208.113165                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   156.946402                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   171.024742                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        51492     32.43%     32.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        47360     29.83%     62.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43689     27.52%     89.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6664      4.20%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3925      2.47%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1978      1.25%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1286      0.81%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          887      0.56%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1496      0.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       158777                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        33315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean      9.910551                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    23.900280                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        33308     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            6      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        33315                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        33315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.587513                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.430057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.720624                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          30778     92.38%     92.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1765      5.30%     97.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          412      1.24%     98.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          360      1.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        33315                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 13958972280                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            20149697280                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1650860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    42277.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               61027.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      227.28                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      128.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   227.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   128.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        2.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.22                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      2.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  246499                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 111033                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                74.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               59.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    180052.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   69.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15185643500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3104400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    74679069000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0              604852920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1              595433160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              330028875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              324889125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            1292194800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            1282998600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0            604473840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1            601732800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         6072206400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         6072206400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        38649830400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        37926489285                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        21877491000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        22512000750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          69431078235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          69315750120                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          746.827024                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          745.586511                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     20712000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          20712000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     11493824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       11493824                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       323625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             323625                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       179591                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            179591                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    222776346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            222776346                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    123626502                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           123626502                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    346402849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           346402849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     323625                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    179591                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   323625                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  179591                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              20709696                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   2304                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               11493696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               20712000                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            11493824                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    36                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            19975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            20554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            20110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            20446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            20158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            20651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            20241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            20405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            20255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            20446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           20224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           20542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           19844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           19762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           19953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           20023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            11266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            11245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            11222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            11526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            11138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            11494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           11130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           11292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           10948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           10905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           11297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           11193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                     2147                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                     1829                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  92971338500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               323625                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              179591                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 150864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  33909                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  27421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  21168                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  16395                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  13037                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  10366                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                   8554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                   6755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                   5475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                  4585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                  3594                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                  2931                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                  2483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                  2109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                  1811                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                  1564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                  1325                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                  1106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                   914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                   792                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                   647                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                   577                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                   492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                   429                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                   364                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                   336                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                   289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                   288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                   251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                   290                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                  2468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  31876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  34203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  34763                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  34683                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  34301                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                   3662                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                   2677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                   3426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       150577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   213.861931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   160.771638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.797670                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47782     31.73%     31.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42796     28.42%     60.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43678     29.01%     89.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6624      4.40%     93.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3849      2.56%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2111      1.40%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1382      0.92%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          824      0.55%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1531      1.02%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       150577                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.069744                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    19.967208                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32126     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        32132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.589101                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.431638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.711634                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29583     92.07%     92.07% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1805      5.62%     97.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          408      1.27%     98.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          336      1.05%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        32132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 13437066528                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            19504360278                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1617945000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    41525.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               60275.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      222.75                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      123.63                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   222.78                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   123.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  243046                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 109548                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                75.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               61.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    184754.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   70.07                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15391497750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3104400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    74472872250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0              574749000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1              563598000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              313603125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              307518750                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            1267718400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            1256143200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            583426800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            580309920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         6072206400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         6072206400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        38140550505                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        37180540260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        22324227750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        23166342000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          69276481980                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          69126658530                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          745.164128                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          743.552570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     20717376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          20717376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     11492416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       11492416                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       323709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             323709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       179569                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            179569                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    222834170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            222834170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    123611358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           123611358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    346445528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           346445528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     323709                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    179569                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   323709                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  179569                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              20716352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               11492416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               20717376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            11492416                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            19974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            20598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            20155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            20490                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            20146                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            20642                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            20229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            20343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            20249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            20483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           20198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           20594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           19873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           19703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           19959                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           20057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            11109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            11262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            11259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            11263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            11209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            11511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            11154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            11269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            11457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            11300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           11113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           11310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           10961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           10895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           11293                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           11204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                     2248                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                     2024                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                  92972027000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               323709                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              179569                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 151261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  34012                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  27481                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  21319                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  16516                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  12985                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  10128                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                   8114                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                   6586                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                   5333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                  4409                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                  3561                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                  2986                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                  2533                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                  2087                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                  1777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                  1472                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                  1304                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                  1100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                   965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                   848                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                   751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                   614                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                   556                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                   506                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                   419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                   374                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                   335                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                   258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                   261                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                   252                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                  2590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  31868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  34046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  34706                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  34612                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  34348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                   3713                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                   2665                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                   3611                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       150155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   214.499630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.347328                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   174.986719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47385     31.56%     31.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42498     28.30%     59.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43863     29.21%     89.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6683      4.45%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3930      2.62%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2093      1.39%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1256      0.84%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          889      0.59%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1558      1.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       150155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.073696                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.030231                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32127     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            3      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        32132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.588479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.429632                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.720462                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29618     92.18%     92.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1761      5.48%     97.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          432      1.34%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          321      1.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        32132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 13412743007                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            19481986757                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                1618465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                    41436.62                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat               60186.62                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      222.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      123.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   222.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   123.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        2.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      2.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  243237                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 109862                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                75.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               61.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    184732.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   70.16                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15436568750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3104400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    74427685750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0              573909840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1              561224160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              313145250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              306223500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            1268030400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            1256681400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            583413840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            580160880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         6072206400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         6072206400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        38025580365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        37113915240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        22425078750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        23224785000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          69261364845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          69115196580                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          745.001522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          743.429281                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     20692160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          20692160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     11491456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       11491456                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       323315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             323315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       179554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            179554                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    222562949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            222562949                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    123601032                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           123601032                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    346163981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           346163981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     323316                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    179554                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   323316                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  179554                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              20691520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                    704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               11491200                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               20692224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            11491456                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                    11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            19952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            20574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            20045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            20463                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            20106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            20590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            20233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            20334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            20238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            20456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           20253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           20503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           19794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           19718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           19981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           20065                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            11104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            11258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            11265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            11252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            11209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            11511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            11143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            11254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            11454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            11314                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           11114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           11316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           10952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           10911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           11295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           11198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                     2494                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                     1977                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                  92971427000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               323316                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              179554                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 151294                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  34417                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  27353                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  21204                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  16507                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  12882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  10363                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                   7951                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                   6557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                   5386                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                  4276                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                  3552                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                  2937                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                  2318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                  2010                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                  1676                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                  1419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                  1223                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                  1068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                   969                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                   816                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                   674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                   588                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                   498                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                   416                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                   394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                   380                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                   408                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                   340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                   295                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                   278                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                  2856                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  31915                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  34236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  34657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  34638                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  34161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                   3648                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                   2647                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                   3652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       149723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   214.942848                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   161.391335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   176.298313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        47274     31.57%     31.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        42620     28.47%     60.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        43365     28.96%     89.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511         6678      4.46%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3897      2.60%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2068      1.38%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1291      0.86%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          911      0.61%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1619      1.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       149723                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     10.053676                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    20.516264                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        32146     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        32156                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      5.583717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     5.426467                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.711538                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          29662     92.24%     92.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          1762      5.48%     97.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15          410      1.28%     99.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19          322      1.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        32156                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 13534896577                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            19596865327                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                1616525000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                    41864.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat               60614.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      222.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      123.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   222.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   123.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        2.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    1.74                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.21                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      2.93                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  243070                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 110057                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                75.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               61.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    184881.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   70.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   15167602000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3104400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    74696648500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0              570417120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1              561488760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              311239500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              306367875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            1265854200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            1255823400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            583174080                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            580309920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         6072206400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         6072206400                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        37877255820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        37092188835                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        22555179750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        23243835000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          69235326870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          69112220190                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          744.721558                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          743.397376                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1118                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1348                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              221                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          420                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4932                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5374                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1378                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          793                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3987                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     4871                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1007000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              470124                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              115624                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1792000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          375                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1536000                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          375                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               16971519                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 36.747486                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                28.041890                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                48.251472                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    16479051     97.10%     97.10% |      323345      1.91%     99.00% |       82144      0.48%     99.49% |       48483      0.29%     99.77% |       27132      0.16%     99.93% |        8234      0.05%     99.98% |        2774      0.02%    100.00% |         347      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 16971519                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     32829311                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       2.313006                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.785077                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      2.843580                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    29527840     89.94%     89.94% |     2297013      7.00%     96.94% |      478792      1.46%     98.40% |      120107      0.37%     98.76% |      109958      0.33%     99.10% |      106471      0.32%     99.42% |       96074      0.29%     99.72% |       91583      0.28%    100.00% |        1473      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      32829311                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            32829310                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              21.198956                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.299730                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             80.484826                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    32664209     99.50%     99.50% |      142412      0.43%     99.93% |       17388      0.05%     99.98% |        3669      0.01%    100.00% |        1122      0.00%    100.00% |         358      0.00%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              32829310                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        29825310                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.007587                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.005860                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.125510                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    29684608     99.53%     99.53% |       82253      0.28%     99.80% |       39651      0.13%     99.94% |       12020      0.04%     99.98% |        5251      0.02%     99.99% |        1498      0.01%    100.00% |          29      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          29825310                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        3004000                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        201.812544                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       150.332992                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       186.777673                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     2838899     94.50%     94.50% |      142412      4.74%     99.24% |       17388      0.58%     99.82% |        3669      0.12%     99.95% |        1122      0.04%     99.98% |         358      0.01%     99.99% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          35      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          3004000                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    83886080                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    4194304                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         726002                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       726002                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           34                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           36                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles           13                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles           29                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     20068415                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       690137                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     20758552                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits      9276862                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       123470                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses      9400332                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       835381                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        30777                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       278663                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      1718112                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        54365                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           18                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           18                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits        48361                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       235884                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       284245                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles        74580                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits        48064                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       244006                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       292070                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles        74932                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits       115175                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       435112                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       550287                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       195184                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits        55587                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       259955                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       315542                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles        83186                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits        52065                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       250437                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       302502                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles        81882                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits        51757                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       245527                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       297284                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles        77612                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits        56115                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       262037                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       318152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles        94957                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits        52909                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       257418                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       310327                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles        88203                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       112914                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        49789                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       162703                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        49481                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        42945                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses        92426                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        49906                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        43210                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses        93116                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        49165                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        43074                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses        92239                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        48414                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        43084                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses        91498                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        48140                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        43145                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses        91285                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        46964                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        43184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses        90148                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        47357                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        43148                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses        90505                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        48646                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        43156                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses        91802                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        48179                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        43185                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses        91364                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        48355                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        43142                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses        91497                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        47987                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        43114                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses        91101                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        47694                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        43071                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses        90765                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        47609                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        43082                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses        90691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        50655                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        43207                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses        93862                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        48291                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        43090                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses        91381                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        47538                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        43001                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses        90539                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        47812                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        43052                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses        90864                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        48185                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        43072                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses        91257                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        47332                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        43058                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses        90390                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        48445                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        42986                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses        91431                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        48185                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        43054                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses        91239                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        49097                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        43045                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses        92142                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        48814                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        43004                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses        91818                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        51694                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        43045                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses        94739                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        52743                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        42994                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses        95737                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        47990                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        42993                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses        90983                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        48290                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        42990                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses        91280                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        47956                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        43119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses        91075                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        47113                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        43178                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses        90291                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        47313                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        43250                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses        90563                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        50104                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        43166                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses        93270                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          285                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     18094878                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     18094878                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18624013                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     18094878                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8986492                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity      8919646                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     18094878                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.097313                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     12015466                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     12015466                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12696806                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12015466                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7061888                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6996654                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     12015466                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.064619                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads      9070628                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes      9070628                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9534527                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9070628                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4168061                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4129880                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity      9070628                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.048781                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads      8406285                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes      8406285                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8863130                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8406285                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3972113                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3950941                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity      8406285                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.045209                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     11045234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     11045234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     12135927                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     11045234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5870171                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5681662                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     11045234                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.059401                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads      9141865                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes      9141865                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9662453                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity      9141865                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4663556                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4634137                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity      9141865                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.049165                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     10171876                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     10171876                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     10769298                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10171876                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      4325383                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      4299016                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     10171876                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.054704                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads      8516064                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes      8516064                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity      9104771                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8516064                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3862401                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3842032                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity      8516064                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.045799                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads      6164853                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes      6164853                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6463920                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6164853                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2929118                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2906093                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity      6164853                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.033154                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads      7601186                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes      7601186                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8017531                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7601186                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3759379                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3732294                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity      7601186                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.040879                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      4905400                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      4905400                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5145362                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4905400                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2102519                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2087240                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      4905400                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.026381                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      3648814                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      3648814                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3690396                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3648814                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1645469                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1644382                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      3648814                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.019623                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      4452434                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      4452434                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4513536                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4452434                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2222441                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2220658                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      4452434                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.023945                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      3750870                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      3750870                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3797559                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3750870                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1694412                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1693214                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      3750870                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.020172                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      2576095                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      2576095                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2627583                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2576095                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1032583                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1030771                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      2576095                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.013854                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      3688953                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      3688953                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3771248                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3688953                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1478301                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1473329                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      3688953                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.019839                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      4453160                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      4453160                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4518762                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4453160                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1694329                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1692820                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      4453160                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.023949                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      3834316                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      3834316                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3898490                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3834316                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1496872                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1495452                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      3834316                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.020621                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      3475767                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      3475767                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3556060                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3475767                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1428620                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1426475                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      3475767                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.018693                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      2029715                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      2029715                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2092891                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2029715                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity       850347                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity       848623                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      2029715                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.010916                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      1890060                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      1890060                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1898169                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1890060                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity       918424                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity       918180                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      1890060                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.010165                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      2351851                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      2351851                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2366604                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2351851                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1245683                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1244483                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      2351851                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.012648                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      2115805                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      2115805                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2128798                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2115805                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1042973                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1042609                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      2115805                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.011379                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      1328120                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      1328120                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1328120                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1328120                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       592171                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       592128                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      1328120                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.007143                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      1854522                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      1854522                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1862055                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1854522                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity       879200                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity       878978                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      1854522                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.009974                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      2301108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      2301108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2315046                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2301108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1214177                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1213064                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      2301108                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.012375                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      2076989                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      2076989                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2089761                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2076989                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1014303                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1013945                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      2076989                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.011170                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      1332302                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      1332302                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      1332302                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      1332302                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       592773                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       592718                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      1332302                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.007165                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads      8248667                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes      8248667                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8742343                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8248667                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3717197                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3703423                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity      8248667                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.044361                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads      7524140                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes      7524140                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7829308                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7524140                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3310101                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3302192                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity      7524140                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.040464                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads      8332093                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes      8332093                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8904730                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8332093                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3542834                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3494377                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity      8332093                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.044810                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads      7936588                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes      7936588                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8322645                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7936588                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3431583                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3419496                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity      7936588                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.042683                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    13573147     29.19%     29.19% |    29944394     64.39%     93.58% |     2986891      6.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     46504432                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    13573147     29.19%     29.19% |    29944395     64.39%     93.58% |     2986891      6.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     46504433                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   433652862                       |   762425730                       |    71297312                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |   268732490                       |   140250428                       |     3016406                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   31.949323                       |   25.461385                       |   23.870075                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   19.798834                       |    4.683696                       |    1.009882                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    27.252798                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency     8.859356                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         36.112154                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.004031                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.089341      7.20%      7.20% |    0.088561      7.13%     14.33% |    0.088354      7.12%     21.45% |    0.087823      7.07%     28.52% |    0.200824     16.18%     44.70% |    0.200779     16.17%     60.87% |    0.200780     16.17%     77.04% |    0.200622     16.16%     93.20% |    0.021093      1.70%     94.90% |    0.021095      1.70%     96.60% |    0.021090      1.70%     98.30% |    0.021088      1.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.241450                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.030980                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023370                       |    0.000000                       |    0.005296                       |    0.005493                       |    0.009494                       |    0.005820                       |    0.005605                       |    0.005500                       |    0.005869                       |    0.005780                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.006260                       |    0.003785                       |    0.003732                       |    0.003767                       |    0.003738                       |    0.003742                       |    0.003736                       |    0.003714                       |    0.003718                       |    0.003800                       |    0.003804                       |    0.003776                       |    0.003753                       |    0.003740                       |    0.003706                       |    0.003717                       |    0.003758                       |    0.003742                       |    0.003750                       |    0.003738                       |    0.003727                       |    0.003828                       |    0.003749                       |    0.003723                       |    0.003734                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003721                       |    0.003744                       |    0.003743                       |    0.003764                       |    0.003849                       |    0.003883                       |    0.010646                       |    0.010432                       |    0.010434                       |    0.010422                       |    0.000129                       |           0                       |    0.002649                       |    0.006559                       |    0.000469                       |    0.000507                       |    0.000544                       |    0.000519                       |    0.000474                       |    0.000507                       |    0.000436                       |    0.000453                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003424                       |    0.000131                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003857                       |    0.002753                       |    0.008416                       |    0.003417                       |    0.000436                       |    0.004593                       |    0.011449                       |    0.004843                       |           0                       |    0.003430                       |    0.007419                       |           0                       |    0.010888                       |    0.015319                       |    0.007305                       |    0.007576                       |    0.003423                       |    0.000469                       |    0.013074                       |    0.012062                       |    0.012177                       |    0.007850                       |    0.003446                       |    0.000507                       |    0.014976                       |    0.010833                       |    0.007597                       |           0                       |    0.003425                       |    0.007207                       |           0                       |    0.013972                       |    0.009163                       |    0.006698                       |           0                       |    0.003444                       |           0                       |    0.007510                       |    0.004621                       |    0.004048                       |           0                       |    0.003428                       |           0                       |    0.003734                       |    0.002812                       |           0                       |    0.003503                       |           0                       |    0.001714                       |    0.003828                       |    0.003602                       |    0.008277                       |    0.003459                       |    0.000453                       |    0.008386                       |    0.005292                       |    0.011413                       |    0.003599                       |    0.013974                       |    0.003422                       |    0.000544                       |    0.005449                       |    0.013226                       |    0.018184                       |    0.004602                       |    0.025664                       |    0.005232                       |    0.002649                       |    0.008989                       |    0.018481                       |    0.026771                       |    0.009528                       |    0.000001                       |    0.003453                       |    0.006559                       |    0.009408                       |    0.017435                       |    0.018250                       |    0.009514                       |    0.008351                       |    0.003416                       |    0.000519                       |    0.007925                       |    0.013013                       |    0.010403                       |    0.005538                       |           0                       |    0.003436                       |           0                       |    0.002951                       |    0.007500                       |    0.005210                       |    0.004849                       |           0                       |    0.003430                       |           0                       |    0.001618                       |    0.003747                       |    0.003581                       |           0                       |    0.003435                       |           0                       |    0.000775                       |    0.003749                       |    0.003419                       |           0                       |    0.003465                       |           0                       |    0.008948                       |    0.004028                       |    0.006538                       |    0.003402                       |           0                       |    0.003517                       |    0.007208                       |           0                       |    0.008425                       |    0.011153                       |    0.011098                       |    0.003408                       |    0.008043                       |    0.003426                       |    0.000474                       |    0.017238                       |    0.013386                       |    0.008694                       |    0.003443                       |    0.007886                       |    0.003413                       |    0.000507                       |    0.006894                       |    0.014866                       |    0.008814                       |    0.003420                       |           0                       |    0.003512                       |    0.007203                       |           0                       |    0.006635                       |    0.014031                       |    0.007862                       |    0.003440                       |           0                       |    0.003415                       |           0                       |    0.001994                       |    0.007461                       |    0.003868                       |    0.003433                       |           0                       |    0.003421                       |           0                       |    0.000607                       |    0.003721                       |    0.003421                       |           0                       |    0.003419                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003723                       |           0                       |    0.003402                       |           0                       |    0.004077                       |           0                       |    0.006376                       |           0                       |    0.003408                       |           0                       |    0.006000                       |    0.003023                       |    0.007408                       |           0                       |    0.003443                       |           0                       |    0.009397                       |    0.006339                       |    0.004771                       |           0                       |    0.003420                       |           0                       |    0.003841                       |    0.009341                       |    0.004020                       |           0                       |    0.003440                       |           0                       |    0.006564                       |    0.008688                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003433                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007482                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003421                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.003744                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.241450                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8005350                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8005350                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       343241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      5786123                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5258035                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.873198                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          574743                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30777                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             12937164                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              73180                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            14538352                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            138480                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         13010344                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        14676832                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  27475516                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  211660                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              27687176                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits              9407258                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9543                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses          9416801                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                   9407258                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9543                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses               9416801                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                182194637                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     31246547                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               48952352                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8005350                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      5832778                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             145804272                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          785184                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             141830                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       177522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       278364                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3055                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       330366                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines           9406653                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        189429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3805                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    178374548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.500142                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.703747                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        160558650     90.01%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1795756      1.01%     91.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2555423      1.43%     92.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           703893      0.39%     92.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3900789      2.19%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1014741      0.57%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          1419162      0.80%     96.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           406655      0.23%     96.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          6019479      3.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    178374548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.043938                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.268682                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         11460655                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     154463996                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6106567                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       5950731                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         392592                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts       85625088                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         392592                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         13918439                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        94342748                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     10676804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles           9378454                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      49665504                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts       84057268                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        4685988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents         452544                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       42476240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands     89750571                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     198925944                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    125817294                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          350                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps      78584193                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         11166348                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       292602                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       296311                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          39329664                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      6815381                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     14853948                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1458463                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1295700                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded           82548643                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       530761                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued          86370582                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       270810                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8345946                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13316822                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        96386                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    178374548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.484209                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.238140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    143798899     80.62%     80.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13997650      7.85%     88.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      7158281      4.01%     92.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4477648      2.51%     94.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3697981      2.07%     97.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2553291      1.43%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2023716      1.13%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       413905      0.23%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       253177      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    178374548                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          104520     10.37%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         784886     77.88%     88.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        118356     11.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       338340      0.39%      0.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      58481768     67.71%     68.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        43646      0.05%     68.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52043      0.06%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           20      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     68.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12738216     14.75%     82.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     14716549     17.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total       86370582                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.474057                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1007762                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011668                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    352394002                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     91432983                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     79102646                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          281                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          403                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          105                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses       87039863                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses             141                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1633234                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1209314                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2680                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8176                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       557109                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1813                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7412676                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         392592                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         5262031                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      84129813                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     83079404                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        98495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       6815381                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     14853948                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       521906                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents          99457                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      83863926                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8176                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       123952                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       282423                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       406375                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts      85759427                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      12547703                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       400475                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             27102992                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          6681846                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           14555289                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.470702                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent               79203252                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count              79102751                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          41129079                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          64862717                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.434166                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.634094                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8531430                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       434375                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       356434                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    176961916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420794                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.328448                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    149327038     84.38%     84.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11876510      6.71%     91.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      6698583      3.79%     94.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2477175      1.40%     96.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1481302      0.84%     97.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1018207      0.58%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       508677      0.29%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       904315      0.51%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2670109      1.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    176961916                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     42165182                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       74464583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               19902893                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               5606062                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                5684                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6237539                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 25                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          74063496                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       496633                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       147642      0.20%      0.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     54320950     72.95%     73.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        42333      0.06%     73.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50763      0.07%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            2      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      5606062      7.53%     80.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     14296831     19.20%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     74464583                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       2670109                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            257155355                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           167415330                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   85092                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 3820089                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3749277                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            42165182                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              74464583                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.320974                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.320974                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.231429                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.231429                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        130425034                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        57476425                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads               140                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              125                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          32006090                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         25896014                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        40811253                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         289247                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               5159765000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            5159764999.999996                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-2.68435e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+08-5.36871e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-8.05306e+08            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.34218e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.34218e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-1.87905e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.87905e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.41592e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.41592e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-2.95279e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.95279e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.48966e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.48966e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.02653e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.02653e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.5634e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.5634e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.10027e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.10027e+09-5.36871e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       8342477                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        46.822841                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       31.942125                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       66.451580                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     7850844     94.11%     94.11% |      322510      3.87%     97.97% |       82144      0.98%     98.96% |       48483      0.58%     99.54% |       27132      0.33%     99.86% |        8234      0.10%     99.96% |        2774      0.03%    100.00% |         347      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         8342477                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           32                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          319                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       8386153                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        27.047526                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       24.754021                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       10.844495                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     5518050     65.80%     65.80% |     2838853     33.85%     99.65% |       25216      0.30%     99.95% |        3199      0.04%     99.99% |         680      0.01%    100.00% |         135      0.00%    100.00% |          20      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         8386153                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        242889                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        25.598080                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       23.729374                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.519400                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       32151     13.24%     13.24% |      140623     57.90%     71.13% |       65859     27.11%     98.25% |        4184      1.72%     99.97% |          71      0.03%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          242889                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          8184747                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean           46.985242                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           7.162419                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         125.046892                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8071534     98.62%     98.62% |       96999      1.19%     99.80% |       12488      0.15%     99.95% |        2548      0.03%     99.99% |         815      0.01%    100.00% |         249      0.00%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            8184747                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6349007                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.024394                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.018568                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.233693                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6258298     98.57%     98.57% |       50426      0.79%     99.37% |       24598      0.39%     99.75% |        9027      0.14%     99.90% |        5145      0.08%     99.98% |        1485      0.02%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6349007                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      1835740                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     199.026236                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    142.204190                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    199.791647                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     1722527     93.83%     93.83% |       96999      5.28%     99.12% |       12488      0.68%     99.80% |        2548      0.14%     99.94% |         815      0.04%     99.98% |         249      0.01%     99.99% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       1835740                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          5119                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         15015885                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           18.020098                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           3.980012                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          70.558138                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    14964313     99.66%     99.66% |       45100      0.30%     99.96% |        4897      0.03%     99.99% |        1121      0.01%    100.00% |         307      0.00%    100.00% |         109      0.00%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           15015885                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     13985970                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.005099                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.004077                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.092848                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    13936076     99.64%     99.64% |       31728      0.23%     99.87% |       15053      0.11%     99.98% |        2993      0.02%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       13985970                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1029915                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     221.919775                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    181.536699                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    167.175816                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |      978343     94.99%     94.99% |       45100      4.38%     99.37% |        4897      0.48%     99.85% |        1121      0.11%     99.96% |         307      0.03%     99.99% |         109      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1029915                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      9400331                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.098470                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.130116                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.690606                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     9385717     99.84%     99.84% |       11821      0.13%     99.97% |        2471      0.03%    100.00% |          72      0.00%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |         117      0.00%    100.00% |          22      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        9400331                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      9276862                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     9276862    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      9276862                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       123469                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    86.632207                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.031937                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    59.185813                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      108855     88.16%     88.16% |       11821      9.57%     97.74% |        2471      2.00%     99.74% |          72      0.06%     99.80% |         106      0.09%     99.88% |         117      0.09%     99.98% |          22      0.02%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       123469                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       227043                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      9.971860                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.741349                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    34.263247                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      223077     98.25%     98.25% |        3052      1.34%     99.60% |         778      0.34%     99.94% |          70      0.03%     99.97% |          30      0.01%     99.98% |          30      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       227043                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       212195                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000403                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.021595                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      212096     99.95%     99.95% |          99      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       212195                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        14848                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.601091                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    87.663082                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.622563                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       10882     73.29%     73.29% |        3052     20.55%     93.84% |         778      5.24%     99.08% |          70      0.47%     99.56% |          30      0.20%     99.76% |          30      0.20%     99.96% |           6      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        14848                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     6.254601                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.423135                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    19.768155                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         624     95.71%     95.71% |          18      2.76%     98.47% |           5      0.77%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           0      0.00%     99.23% |           3      0.46%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         624    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          624                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    78.785714                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    64.782348                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    61.005985                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     64.29%     64.29% |           5     17.86%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           0      0.00%     82.14% |           3     10.71%     92.86% |           1      3.57%     96.43% |           1      3.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          652                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         652    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          652                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       391436                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time      7632867                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       101102                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   119935                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   129810                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   104316                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   131670                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                   122819                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   126922                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                   105772                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   114541                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                 164369                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                 162318                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                 446004                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                 183930                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                 179741                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                 170422                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                 212436                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                 195843                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                   143679                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                   141900                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                   404535                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                   160840                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                   158153                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                   148603                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                   186889                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                   171920                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               284304                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               292128                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               550320                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               315600                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               302560                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               297344                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               318208                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               310384                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 6172646                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles            140422789238062                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles            140422789051099                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6287546                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 6352842                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                36895386                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                37816831                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                37535601                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                  207568                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  213280                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                  401776                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  230416                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                  220896                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  217088                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                  232320                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  226608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  76736                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  78848                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                 148544                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  85184                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  81664                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  80256                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  85888                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  83776                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                85112                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits                91900                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                60758                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits                93239                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                86544                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits                89851                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                73701                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits                80686                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses             122456                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses             121380                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses             341018                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses             137177                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses             134352                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses             127237                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses             158619                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses             145922                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               34823                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               37910                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               43558                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               38431                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               36275                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               37071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               32071                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               33855                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             41913                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             40938                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses            104986                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             46753                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             45389                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             43185                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             53817                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             49921                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                      109                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                      112                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                      211                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                      121                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                      116                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                      114                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                      122                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                      119                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles               10156899                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles               10100070                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles               10072304                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles               10080155                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles               10069291                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles               10153984                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles               10133131                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles               10158308                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                    1744                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                    1792                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                    3376                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                    1936                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                    1856                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                    1824                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                    1952                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                    1904                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               9215227                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               9231838                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               5983014                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               9155439                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               9109374                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               9237161                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               9184154                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               9224182                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            4517409                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            4613783                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles           15295974                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            5007362                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            4811351                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            4712579                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            5028290                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            4912488                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3606745                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              3382425                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              2636472                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              3460580                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              3561528                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              3545701                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              3429764                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              3395105                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          9215227                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          9231838                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          5983014                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          9155439                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          9109374                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          9237161                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          9184154                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          9224182                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       4466983                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       4590020                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       8643241                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       4958761                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       4753859                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       4671912                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       4999810                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       4876853                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         3429316                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         3277607                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2630892                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         3313111                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         3377135                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         3374722                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         3298443                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         3288460                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            9659076                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            9673082                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            7910275                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            9649310                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            9599495                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            9674644                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            9644195                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            9659824                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         175716444                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         175716440                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         175716446                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         175716442                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         175716451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         175716447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         175716463                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         175716459                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles         10023849                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         10085021                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          9126917                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         10075107                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles         10014537                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         10081493                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles         10063042                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         10039776                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             42183                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             43814                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             75933                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             47196                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             44822                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             44387                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             46957                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             46144                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             13330                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             14514                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1              9094                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             14325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             13041                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             14503                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             10661                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             11634                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             31604                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             35840                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             15970                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             34824                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             30229                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             35253                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             23372                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             26372                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles              69                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles              64                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles              83                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles              79                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles             103                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles              98                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles             487                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles             485                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      330184     25.38%     25.38% |      323625     24.88%     50.26% |      323709     24.88%     75.15% |      323316     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      1300834                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      180331     25.70%     25.70% |      173770     24.77%     50.47% |      173743     24.76%     75.24% |      173727     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total       701571                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      330209     25.38%     25.38% |      323625     24.88%     50.26% |      323709     24.88%     75.15% |      323315     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      1300858                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      186148     25.68%     25.68% |      179591     24.78%     50.46% |      179569     24.77%     75.23% |      179554     24.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total       724862                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           78                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6000     25.00%     25.00% |        6000     25.00%     50.00% |        6000     25.00%     75.00% |        6000     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24000                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      141661     25.01%     25.01% |      141663     25.01%     50.01% |      141774     25.03%     75.04% |      141398     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total       566496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      330184     25.38%     25.38% |      323625     24.88%     50.26% |      323709     24.88%     75.15% |      323316     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      1300834                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5817     24.98%     24.98% |        5821     24.99%     49.97% |        5826     25.01%     74.98% |        5827     25.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23291                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      180095     25.70%     25.70% |      173591     24.77%     50.47% |      173569     24.77%     75.24% |      173554     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total       700809                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      141661     25.01%     25.01% |      141663     25.01%     50.01% |      141774     25.03%     75.04% |      141398     24.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total       566496                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      330184     25.38%     25.38% |      323625     24.88%     50.26% |      323709     24.88%     75.15% |      323315     24.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      1300833                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      180095     25.70%     25.70% |      173591     24.77%     50.47% |      173569     24.77%     75.24% |      173554     24.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total       700809                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          53    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           53                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          709                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         183     25.81%     25.81% |         179     25.25%     51.06% |         174     24.54%     75.60% |         173     24.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          709                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24000                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          78    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           78                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24000    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24000                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6236018     76.07%     76.07% |          18      0.00%     76.07% |      207782      2.53%     78.60% |      213317      2.60%     81.20% |      412826      5.04%     86.24% |      230506      2.81%     89.05% |      221046      2.70%     91.75% |      217144      2.65%     94.40% |      232526      2.84%     97.23% |      226838      2.77%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      8198021                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     9400388    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      9400388                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    14523636     95.24%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |       76978      0.50%     95.74% |       79022      0.52%     96.26% |      152379      1.00%     97.26% |       85425      0.56%     97.82% |       81930      0.54%     98.36% |       80429      0.53%     98.88% |       86294      0.57%     99.45% |       84140      0.55%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     15250233                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       17043     10.71%     10.71% |          18      0.01%     10.73% |       15995     10.06%     20.78% |       16013     10.07%     30.85% |       23539     14.80%     45.65% |       17257     10.85%     56.50% |       17105     10.75%     67.25% |       17626     11.08%     78.33% |       17614     11.07%     89.40% |       16854     10.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       159064                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      809175     26.60%     26.60% |           0      0.00%     26.60% |      236246      7.77%     34.37% |      243864      8.02%     42.39% |      475418     15.63%     58.02% |      260206      8.55%     66.57% |      250839      8.25%     74.82% |      245501      8.07%     82.89% |      262372      8.63%     91.52% |      258058      8.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      3041679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3075     12.36%     12.36% |        3061     12.31%     24.67% |        3245     13.05%     37.72% |        3122     12.55%     50.27% |        3139     12.62%     62.89% |        2995     12.04%     74.93% |        3090     12.42%     87.36% |        3144     12.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total        24871                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           2      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6859     11.63%     11.64% |        6833     11.59%     23.23% |        8311     14.10%     37.33% |        7582     12.86%     50.19% |        7074     12.00%     62.19% |        7308     12.40%     74.58% |        7747     13.14%     87.72% |        7238     12.28%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        58954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      190737     11.63%     11.63% |          16      0.00%     11.63% |      154208      9.40%     21.03% |      162306      9.90%     30.93% |      293815     17.91%     48.84% |      171677     10.47%     59.31% |      163860      9.99%     69.30% |      160341      9.78%     79.07% |      172357     10.51%     89.58% |      170940     10.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      1640257                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        6329     10.74%     10.74% |        6009     10.19%     20.93% |       11923     20.22%     41.16% |        6779     11.50%     52.65% |        7087     12.02%     64.68% |        6967     11.82%     76.49% |        7113     12.07%     88.56% |        6745     11.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        58954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      622848     47.74%     47.74% |           0      0.00%     47.74% |       75347      5.77%     53.51% |       75691      5.80%     59.31% |      129374      9.92%     69.23% |       81499      6.25%     75.47% |       79490      6.09%     81.57% |       78219      5.99%     87.56% |       82567      6.33%     93.89% |       79733      6.11%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1304768                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      687081     26.48%     26.48% |           0      0.00%     26.48% |      203303      7.84%     34.32% |      213651      8.23%     42.55% |      387684     14.94%     57.50% |      225073      8.68%     66.17% |      216032      8.33%     74.50% |      210709      8.12%     82.62% |      226211      8.72%     91.34% |      224730      8.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      2594474                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      190171     10.36%     10.36% |           9      0.00%     10.37% |      176238      9.61%     19.97% |      182222      9.93%     29.90% |      329578     17.96%     47.87% |      195262     10.64%     58.51% |      187497     10.22%     68.73% |      184250     10.04%     78.77% |      196791     10.73%     89.50% |      192726     10.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      1834744                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      120992    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       120992                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      498909     47.77%     47.77% |           0      0.00%     47.77% |       59595      5.71%     53.48% |       61738      5.91%     59.39% |      105401     10.09%     69.48% |       64671      6.19%     75.67% |       62914      6.02%     81.69% |       61256      5.87%     87.56% |       65246      6.25%     93.81% |       64678      6.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1044408                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11051      7.31%      7.31% |           0      0.00%      7.31% |       15683     10.37%     17.68% |       15782     10.44%     28.11% |       23536     15.56%     43.67% |       17004     11.24%     54.92% |       16871     11.16%     66.07% |       17335     11.46%     77.53% |       17363     11.48%     89.01% |       16616     10.99%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       151241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         983     98.69%     98.69% |           9      0.90%     99.60% |           4      0.40%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        2478    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         2478                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          53     14.64%     14.64% |           0      0.00%     14.64% |          47     12.98%     27.62% |          46     12.71%     40.33% |         133     36.74%     77.07% |          22      6.08%     83.15% |          26      7.18%     90.33% |          21      5.80%     96.13% |           0      0.00%     96.13% |          14      3.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          362                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        1594      5.77%      5.77% |           0      0.00%      5.77% |        3289     11.90%     17.67% |        3212     11.63%     29.30% |        3033     10.98%     40.28% |        3328     12.05%     52.32% |        3321     12.02%     64.34% |        3227     11.68%     76.02% |        3303     11.96%     87.98% |        3321     12.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total        27628                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        8207     20.62%     20.62% |           0      0.00%     20.62% |        4285     10.76%     31.38% |        3308      8.31%     39.69% |        3510      8.82%     48.51% |        4403     11.06%     59.57% |        3851      9.67%     69.24% |        4263     10.71%     79.95% |        4248     10.67%     90.62% |        3732      9.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        39807                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     9276862    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      9276862                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        3453     92.43%     92.43% |           2      0.05%     92.48% |          45      1.20%     93.68% |          47      1.26%     94.94% |           0      0.00%     94.94% |          28      0.75%     95.69% |          39      1.04%     96.73% |          45      1.20%     97.94% |          34      0.91%     98.85% |          43      1.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         3736                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      120374     32.28%     32.28% |           0      0.00%     32.28% |       28729      7.70%     39.98% |       26585      7.13%     47.11% |       43750     11.73%     58.84% |       31020      8.32%     67.16% |       30546      8.19%     75.35% |       31058      8.33%     83.68% |       32011      8.58%     92.27% |       28841      7.73%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       372914                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3320847     92.39%     92.39% |           0      0.00%     92.39% |       27009      0.75%     93.14% |       27718      0.77%     93.91% |       68656      1.91%     95.82% |       30719      0.85%     96.68% |       29516      0.82%     97.50% |       28543      0.79%     98.29% |       31249      0.87%     99.16% |       30118      0.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3594375                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       35530    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        35530                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |        2308     77.55%     77.55% |          16      0.54%     78.09% |         111      3.73%     81.82% |          67      2.25%     84.07% |           0      0.00%     84.07% |         111      3.73%     87.80% |          82      2.76%     90.56% |          97      3.26%     93.82% |         110      3.70%     97.51% |          74      2.49%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total         2976                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      152808      9.91%      9.91% |           0      0.00%      9.91% |      147104      9.54%     19.45% |      155255     10.07%     29.52% |      285577     18.52%     48.04% |      163841     10.63%     58.67% |      156562     10.15%     68.82% |      152797      9.91%     78.73% |      164364     10.66%     89.40% |      163509     10.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      1541817                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6811     11.66%     11.66% |        6786     11.61%     23.27% |        8079     13.83%     37.10% |        7548     12.92%     50.02% |        7036     12.04%     62.06% |        7270     12.44%     74.51% |        7699     13.18%     87.68% |        7196     12.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        58425                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     2714825    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      2714825                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    13989006     98.77%     98.77% |           0      0.00%     98.77% |       17067      0.12%     98.89% |       17038      0.12%     99.01% |       43009      0.30%     99.31% |       20465      0.14%     99.45% |       18698      0.13%     99.59% |       18951      0.13%     99.72% |       20618      0.15%     99.87% |       19059      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     14163911                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         231     21.47%     21.47% |           0      0.00%     21.47% |         145     13.48%     34.94% |         108     10.04%     44.98% |           2      0.19%     45.17% |         114     10.59%     55.76% |         112     10.41%     66.17% |         140     13.01%     79.18% |         104      9.67%     88.85% |         120     11.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total         1076                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      534273     50.75%     50.75% |           0      0.00%     50.75% |       56199      5.34%     56.09% |       58396      5.55%     61.64% |      102107      9.70%     71.34% |       61232      5.82%     77.16% |       59470      5.65%     82.81% |       57912      5.50%     88.31% |       61847      5.88%     94.18% |       61221      5.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1052657                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3069     12.36%     12.36% |        3060     12.32%     24.68% |        3219     12.96%     37.65% |        3121     12.57%     50.22% |        3138     12.64%     62.86% |        2994     12.06%     74.92% |        3089     12.44%     87.36% |        3139     12.64%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total        24829                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |         119      0.34%      0.34% |           0      0.00%      0.34% |         734      2.09%      2.43% |         327      0.93%      3.36% |       30642     87.35%     90.71% |         581      1.66%     92.37% |         722      2.06%     94.42% |         390      1.11%     95.54% |         665      1.90%     97.43% |         901      2.57%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total        35081                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      190737     11.63%     11.63% |          16      0.00%     11.63% |      154208      9.40%     21.03% |      162306      9.90%     30.93% |      293814     17.91%     48.84% |      171677     10.47%     59.31% |      163860      9.99%     69.30% |      160340      9.78%     79.07% |      172357     10.51%     89.58% |      170940     10.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      1640255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      0.00%      0.00% |        6329     10.74%     10.74% |        6009     10.19%     20.93% |       11923     20.22%     41.16% |        6779     11.50%     52.65% |        7087     12.02%     64.68% |        6967     11.82%     76.49% |        7113     12.07%     88.56% |        6745     11.44%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        58954                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      123886     47.65%     47.65% |           0      0.00%     47.65% |       15705      6.04%     53.69% |       13907      5.35%     59.04% |       23840      9.17%     68.21% |       16806      6.46%     74.67% |       16550      6.37%     81.04% |       16942      6.52%     87.55% |       17321      6.66%     94.21% |       15041      5.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       259998                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           7      0.06%      0.06% |           0      0.00%      0.06% |         191      1.65%      1.71% |          89      0.77%      2.48% |       10309     89.01%     91.49% |         204      1.76%     93.25% |         218      1.88%     95.13% |         117      1.01%     96.14% |         182      1.57%     97.71% |         265      2.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total        11582                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      498962     47.76%     47.76% |           0      0.00%     47.76% |       59642      5.71%     53.47% |       61784      5.91%     59.38% |      105534     10.10%     69.48% |       64693      6.19%     75.67% |       62940      6.02%     81.70% |       61277      5.87%     87.56% |       65246      6.25%     93.81% |       64692      6.19%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1044770                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          21    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           21                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         985      7.42%      7.42% |           0      0.00%      7.42% |         246      1.85%      9.28% |          69      0.52%      9.80% |       11076     83.49%     93.29% |         122      0.92%     94.21% |         181      1.36%     95.58% |          88      0.66%     96.24% |         238      1.79%     98.03% |         261      1.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total        13266                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          56    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           56                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |         117      1.95%      1.95% |           0      0.00%      1.95% |         269      4.48%      6.43% |         200      3.33%      9.77% |        3836     63.92%     73.69% |         267      4.45%     78.14% |         292      4.87%     83.00% |         201      3.35%     86.35% |         430      7.17%     93.52% |         389      6.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         6001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11     33.33%     33.33% |           9     27.27%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           0      0.00%     60.61% |           1      3.03%     63.64% |           8     24.24%     87.88% |           3      9.09%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total           33                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     14.29%     14.29% |           1      2.38%     16.67% |          26     61.90%     78.57% |           1      2.38%     80.95% |           1      2.38%     83.33% |           1      2.38%     85.71% |           1      2.38%     88.10% |           5     11.90%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETX::total           42                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          48      9.11%      9.11% |          47      8.92%     18.03% |         232     44.02%     62.05% |          34      6.45%     68.50% |          38      7.21%     75.71% |          38      7.21%     82.92% |          48      9.11%     92.03% |          42      7.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total          527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      687081     26.49%     26.49% |           0      0.00%     26.49% |      203238      7.84%     34.32% |      213594      8.23%     42.56% |      387426     14.94%     57.49% |      225038      8.68%     66.17% |      215992      8.33%     74.50% |      210662      8.12%     82.62% |      226159      8.72%     91.34% |      224682      8.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      2593872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           6     75.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          65     10.80%     10.80% |          57      9.47%     20.27% |         258     42.86%     63.12% |          35      5.81%     68.94% |          40      6.64%     75.58% |          47      7.81%     83.39% |          52      8.64%     92.03% |          48      7.97%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total          602                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3855      3.12%      3.12% |        3690      2.99%      6.11% |        3428      2.77%      8.88% |        3495      2.83%     11.71% |        3477      2.81%     14.53% |        3972      3.22%     17.74% |        3700      3.00%     20.74% |        3312      2.68%     23.42% |        3509      2.84%     26.26% |        5107      4.13%     30.39% |        3873      3.14%     33.53% |        3791      3.07%     36.59% |        3481      2.82%     39.41% |        4383      3.55%     42.96% |        3832      3.10%     46.06% |        3778      3.06%     49.12% |        4112      3.33%     52.45% |        4148      3.36%     55.81% |        3654      2.96%     58.76% |        3333      2.70%     61.46% |        3068      2.48%     63.95% |        3734      3.02%     66.97% |        3513      2.84%     69.81% |        3355      2.72%     72.53% |        3600      2.91%     75.44% |        3720      3.01%     78.45% |        3238      2.62%     81.07% |        4609      3.73%     84.80% |        3983      3.22%     88.03% |        5240      4.24%     92.27% |        5110      4.14%     96.41% |        4439      3.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       123539                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      117303      6.39%      6.39% |       56286      3.06%      9.45% |       55154      3.00%     12.46% |       55951      3.05%     15.50% |       55405      3.02%     18.52% |       55236      3.01%     21.53% |       54949      2.99%     24.52% |       54951      2.99%     27.51% |       54888      2.99%     30.50% |       55375      3.02%     33.52% |       57214      3.12%     36.63% |       56350      3.07%     39.70% |       55734      3.03%     42.73% |       54913      2.99%     45.72% |       54393      2.96%     48.69% |       54656      2.98%     51.66% |       55520      3.02%     54.69% |       55134      3.00%     57.69% |       55394      3.02%     60.70% |       55433      3.02%     63.72% |       55496      3.02%     66.74% |       56788      3.09%     69.84% |       55693      3.03%     72.87% |       54891      2.99%     75.86% |       54922      2.99%     78.85% |       55330      3.01%     81.86% |       54822      2.99%     84.85% |       54531      2.97%     87.82% |       55173      3.00%     90.82% |       54736      2.98%     93.80% |       55358      3.01%     96.82% |       58470      3.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      1836449                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       41558      3.98%      3.98% |       32456      3.11%      7.08% |       32189      3.08%     10.16% |       32382      3.10%     13.26% |       32121      3.07%     16.34% |       32091      3.07%     19.41% |       32447      3.11%     22.51% |       32072      3.07%     25.58% |       32184      3.08%     28.66% |       32801      3.14%     31.80% |       32075      3.07%     34.87% |       32121      3.07%     37.95% |       32308      3.09%     41.04% |       32005      3.06%     44.10% |       31944      3.06%     47.16% |       32091      3.07%     50.23% |       32194      3.08%     53.31% |       32108      3.07%     56.39% |       32471      3.11%     59.49% |       32363      3.10%     62.59% |       32172      3.08%     65.67% |       33443      3.20%     68.87% |       32212      3.08%     71.95% |       32319      3.09%     75.05% |       32361      3.10%     78.14% |       32231      3.08%     81.23% |       32354      3.10%     84.32% |       32316      3.09%     87.42% |       32115      3.07%     90.49% |       32207      3.08%     93.57% |       34305      3.28%     96.86% |       32842      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1044858                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      149757      5.77%      5.77% |       80111      3.09%      8.86% |       78767      3.04%     11.89% |       79760      3.07%     14.97% |       78866      3.04%     18.01% |       78332      3.02%     21.03% |       78293      3.02%     24.04% |       77709      2.99%     27.04% |       77681      2.99%     30.03% |       79022      3.05%     33.08% |       80345      3.10%     36.17% |       79654      3.07%     39.24% |       79169      3.05%     42.29% |       77940      3.00%     45.30% |       77423      2.98%     48.28% |       77682      2.99%     51.28% |       78560      3.03%     54.30% |       78043      3.01%     57.31% |       78806      3.04%     60.35% |       78703      3.03%     63.38% |       78533      3.03%     66.41% |       80997      3.12%     69.53% |       79024      3.05%     72.57% |       78512      3.03%     75.60% |       78621      3.03%     78.63% |       78918      3.04%     81.67% |       78496      3.03%     84.70% |       77997      3.01%     87.70% |       78399      3.02%     90.72% |       77831      3.00%     93.72% |       80651      3.11%     96.83% |       82251      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      2594853                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |           1      0.93%      0.93% |           4      3.70%      4.63% |           6      5.56%     10.19% |           4      3.70%     13.89% |           7      6.48%     20.37% |           2      1.85%     22.22% |           2      1.85%     24.07% |           3      2.78%     26.85% |           2      1.85%     28.70% |           5      4.63%     33.33% |           3      2.78%     36.11% |           4      3.70%     39.81% |           6      5.56%     45.37% |           4      3.70%     49.07% |           2      1.85%     50.93% |           3      2.78%     53.70% |           2      1.85%     55.56% |           2      1.85%     57.41% |           4      3.70%     61.11% |           7      6.48%     67.59% |           0      0.00%     67.59% |           4      3.70%     71.30% |           3      2.78%     74.07% |           7      6.48%     80.56% |           0      0.00%     80.56% |           0      0.00%     80.56% |           4      3.70%     84.26% |           6      5.56%     89.81% |           3      2.78%     92.59% |           6      5.56%     98.15% |           0      0.00%     98.15% |           2      1.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total          108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       28174      4.02%      4.02% |       21673      3.09%      7.12% |       21689      3.10%     10.21% |       21676      3.10%     13.31% |       21656      3.09%     16.40% |       21664      3.09%     19.50% |       21669      3.09%     22.59% |       21686      3.10%     25.69% |       21692      3.10%     28.78% |       21689      3.10%     31.88% |       21693      3.10%     34.98% |       21684      3.10%     38.08% |       21663      3.09%     41.17% |       21672      3.09%     44.26% |       21662      3.09%     47.36% |       21670      3.09%     50.45% |       21704      3.10%     53.55% |       21687      3.10%     56.65% |       21688      3.10%     59.74% |       21685      3.10%     62.84% |       21676      3.10%     65.94% |       21690      3.10%     69.03% |       21684      3.10%     72.13% |       21683      3.10%     75.23% |       21708      3.10%     78.33% |       21701      3.10%     81.42% |       21695      3.10%     84.52% |       21673      3.09%     87.62% |       21696      3.10%     90.71% |       21679      3.10%     93.81% |       21673      3.09%     96.91% |       21673      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total       700307                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       17831      3.14%      3.14% |       17710      3.12%      6.27% |       17748      3.13%      9.40% |       17736      3.13%     12.53% |       17711      3.12%     15.65% |       17660      3.11%     18.76% |       17695      3.12%     21.89% |       17740      3.13%     25.01% |       17705      3.12%     28.14% |       17739      3.13%     31.27% |       17800      3.14%     34.40% |       17705      3.12%     37.53% |       17743      3.13%     40.66% |       17728      3.13%     43.78% |       17776      3.14%     46.92% |       17708      3.12%     50.04% |       17703      3.12%     53.16% |       17718      3.12%     56.29% |       17708      3.12%     59.41% |       17667      3.12%     62.53% |       17688      3.12%     65.65% |       17796      3.14%     68.79% |       17725      3.13%     71.91% |       17666      3.12%     75.03% |       17704      3.12%     78.15% |       17741      3.13%     81.28% |       17733      3.13%     84.41% |       17648      3.11%     87.52% |       17702      3.12%     90.64% |       17707      3.12%     93.76% |       17705      3.12%     96.89% |       17652      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total       566998                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       47116      3.62%      3.62% |       40431      3.11%      6.73% |       40483      3.11%      9.84% |       40458      3.11%     12.95% |       40411      3.11%     16.06% |       40369      3.10%     19.16% |       40410      3.11%     22.27% |       40472      3.11%     25.38% |       40443      3.11%     28.49% |       40475      3.11%     31.60% |       40538      3.12%     34.72% |       40434      3.11%     37.82% |       40451      3.11%     40.93% |       40445      3.11%     44.04% |       40483      3.11%     47.16% |       40423      3.11%     50.26% |       40452      3.11%     53.37% |       40451      3.11%     56.48% |       40442      3.11%     59.59% |       40398      3.11%     62.70% |       40410      3.11%     65.80% |       40533      3.12%     68.92% |       40455      3.11%     72.03% |       40393      3.11%     75.13% |       40458      3.11%     78.24% |       40489      3.11%     81.36% |       40474      3.11%     84.47% |       40365      3.10%     87.57% |       40443      3.11%     90.68% |       40432      3.11%     93.79% |       40424      3.11%     96.90% |       40372      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      1300833                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       46092      3.63%      3.63% |       39407      3.11%      6.74% |       39459      3.11%      9.85% |       39434      3.11%     12.96% |       39387      3.11%     16.07% |       39345      3.10%     19.17% |       39386      3.11%     22.28% |       39448      3.11%     25.39% |       39419      3.11%     28.50% |       39451      3.11%     31.61% |       39514      3.12%     34.73% |       39410      3.11%     37.83% |       39427      3.11%     40.94% |       39421      3.11%     44.05% |       39459      3.11%     47.16% |       39399      3.11%     50.27% |       39428      3.11%     53.38% |       39427      3.11%     56.49% |       39418      3.11%     59.60% |       39374      3.11%     62.70% |       39386      3.11%     65.81% |       39509      3.12%     68.92% |       39431      3.11%     72.03% |       39370      3.10%     75.14% |       39434      3.11%     78.25% |       39465      3.11%     81.36% |       39450      3.11%     84.47% |       39341      3.10%     87.57% |       39419      3.11%     90.68% |       39408      3.11%     93.79% |       39400      3.11%     96.90% |       39348      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      1268066                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |          83      7.49%      7.49% |          32      2.89%     10.38% |          30      2.71%     13.09% |          25      2.26%     15.34% |          28      2.53%     17.87% |          34      3.07%     20.94% |          36      3.25%     24.19% |          29      2.62%     26.81% |          33      2.98%     29.78% |          22      1.99%     31.77% |          38      3.43%     35.20% |          23      2.08%     37.27% |          34      3.07%     40.34% |          35      3.16%     43.50% |          39      3.52%     47.02% |          23      2.08%     49.10% |          30      2.71%     51.81% |          15      1.35%     53.16% |          34      3.07%     56.23% |          33      2.98%     59.21% |          51      4.60%     63.81% |          68      6.14%     69.95% |          41      3.70%     73.65% |          34      3.07%     76.71% |          32      2.89%     79.60% |          28      2.53%     82.13% |          34      3.07%     85.20% |          28      2.53%     87.73% |          28      2.53%     90.25% |          35      3.16%     93.41% |          45      4.06%     97.47% |          28      2.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         1108                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1837      3.12%      3.12% |        1763      2.99%      6.11% |        1779      3.02%      9.12% |        1766      3.00%     12.12% |        1780      3.02%     15.14% |        1807      3.07%     18.20% |        1876      3.18%     21.39% |        1888      3.20%     24.59% |        1947      3.30%     27.89% |        1876      3.18%     31.07% |        1870      3.17%     34.24% |        1815      3.08%     37.32% |        1810      3.07%     40.39% |        1863      3.16%     43.55% |        1876      3.18%     46.74% |        1881      3.19%     49.93% |        1886      3.20%     53.13% |        1883      3.19%     56.32% |        1900      3.22%     59.54% |        1909      3.24%     62.78% |        1870      3.17%     65.95% |        1881      3.19%     69.14% |        1849      3.14%     72.28% |        1803      3.06%     75.34% |        1804      3.06%     78.40% |        1776      3.01%     81.41% |        1793      3.04%     84.45% |        1840      3.12%     87.57% |        1831      3.11%     90.68% |        1851      3.14%     93.82% |        1829      3.10%     96.92% |        1816      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        58955                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2666      3.21%      3.21% |        2568      3.09%      6.30% |        2555      3.08%      9.38% |        2579      3.11%     12.49% |        2568      3.09%     15.58% |        2656      3.20%     18.78% |        2676      3.22%     22.00% |        2706      3.26%     25.26% |        2676      3.22%     28.48% |        2607      3.14%     31.62% |        2550      3.07%     34.70% |        2544      3.06%     37.76% |        2513      3.03%     40.79% |        2589      3.12%     43.90% |        2526      3.04%     46.95% |        2540      3.06%     50.01% |        2557      3.08%     53.09% |        2554      3.08%     56.16% |        2542      3.06%     59.22% |        2587      3.12%     62.34% |        2604      3.14%     65.47% |        2613      3.15%     68.62% |        2554      3.08%     71.70% |        2531      3.05%     74.75% |        2513      3.03%     77.77% |        2514      3.03%     80.80% |        2555      3.08%     83.88% |        2637      3.18%     87.05% |        2658      3.20%     90.26% |        2727      3.28%     93.54% |        2664      3.21%     96.75% |        2700      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        83029                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        2388      3.19%      3.19% |        2238      2.99%      6.17% |        2272      3.03%      9.21% |        2263      3.02%     12.23% |        2259      3.01%     15.24% |        2287      3.05%     18.29% |        2356      3.14%     21.44% |        2428      3.24%     24.68% |        2430      3.24%     27.92% |        2352      3.14%     31.06% |        2393      3.19%     34.26% |        2331      3.11%     37.37% |        2330      3.11%     40.48% |        2379      3.18%     43.65% |        2377      3.17%     46.82% |        2394      3.20%     50.02% |        2370      3.16%     53.18% |        2386      3.18%     56.37% |        2385      3.18%     59.55% |        2358      3.15%     62.70% |        2308      3.08%     65.78% |        2419      3.23%     69.01% |        2309      3.08%     72.09% |        2264      3.02%     75.11% |        2303      3.07%     78.18% |        2300      3.07%     81.25% |        2326      3.10%     84.36% |        2325      3.10%     87.46% |        2331      3.11%     90.57% |        2379      3.18%     93.75% |        2356      3.14%     96.89% |        2330      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total        74926                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1837      3.12%      3.12% |        1763      2.99%      6.11% |        1779      3.02%      9.12% |        1765      2.99%     12.12% |        1779      3.02%     15.14% |        1807      3.07%     18.20% |        1876      3.18%     21.38% |        1888      3.20%     24.59% |        1947      3.30%     27.89% |        1876      3.18%     31.07% |        1870      3.17%     34.24% |        1815      3.08%     37.32% |        1810      3.07%     40.39% |        1863      3.16%     43.55% |        1876      3.18%     46.73% |        1881      3.19%     49.92% |        1886      3.20%     53.12% |        1883      3.19%     56.32% |        1900      3.22%     59.54% |        1909      3.24%     62.78% |        1870      3.17%     65.95% |        1881      3.19%     69.14% |        1849      3.14%     72.28% |        1803      3.06%     75.34% |        1804      3.06%     78.40% |        1778      3.02%     81.41% |        1793      3.04%     84.45% |        1840      3.12%     87.57% |        1831      3.11%     90.68% |        1850      3.14%     93.82% |        1829      3.10%     96.92% |        1816      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        58954                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      152687      5.69%      5.69% |       82822      3.08%      8.77% |       81543      3.04%     11.81% |       82482      3.07%     14.88% |       81601      3.04%     17.92% |       81105      3.02%     20.94% |       81128      3.02%     23.96% |       80572      3.00%     26.96% |       80624      3.00%     29.96% |       81842      3.05%     33.01% |       83208      3.10%     36.11% |       82449      3.07%     39.18% |       81940      3.05%     42.23% |       80790      3.01%     45.24% |       80267      2.99%     48.23% |       80552      3.00%     51.23% |       81386      3.03%     54.26% |       80923      3.01%     57.28% |       81648      3.04%     60.32% |       81583      3.04%     63.36% |       81372      3.03%     66.39% |       83922      3.13%     69.51% |       81853      3.05%     72.56% |       81261      3.03%     75.59% |       81367      3.03%     78.62% |       81667      3.04%     81.66% |       81289      3.03%     84.69% |       80798      3.01%     87.70% |       81204      3.02%     90.72% |       80624      3.00%     93.72% |       83477      3.11%     96.83% |       85062      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2685048                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         174     11.42%     11.42% |          48      3.15%     14.57% |          44      2.89%     17.45% |          44      2.89%     20.34% |          40      2.62%     22.97% |          42      2.76%     25.72% |          44      2.89%     28.61% |          44      2.89%     31.50% |          44      2.89%     34.38% |          46      3.02%     37.40% |          42      2.76%     40.16% |          42      2.76%     42.91% |          42      2.76%     45.67% |          42      2.76%     48.43% |          42      2.76%     51.18% |          42      2.76%     53.94% |          42      2.76%     56.69% |          44      2.89%     59.58% |          44      2.89%     62.47% |          44      2.89%     65.35% |          44      2.89%     68.24% |          46      3.02%     71.26% |          44      2.89%     74.15% |          42      2.76%     76.90% |          44      2.89%     79.79% |          46      3.02%     82.81% |          44      2.89%     85.70% |          42      2.76%     88.45% |          42      2.76%     91.21% |          44      2.89%     94.09% |          44      2.89%     96.98% |          46      3.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1524                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         470      3.24%      3.24% |         417      2.88%      6.12% |         425      2.93%      9.05% |         421      2.91%     11.96% |         432      2.98%     14.94% |         408      2.82%     17.75% |         430      2.97%     20.72% |         475      3.28%     24.00% |         447      3.08%     27.08% |         432      2.98%     30.06% |         459      3.17%     33.23% |         459      3.17%     36.40% |         488      3.37%     39.77% |         469      3.24%     43.00% |         480      3.31%     46.32% |         468      3.23%     49.54% |         480      3.31%     52.86% |         484      3.34%     56.20% |         481      3.32%     59.52% |         449      3.10%     62.61% |         436      3.01%     65.62% |         463      3.19%     68.82% |         425      2.93%     71.75% |         427      2.95%     74.70% |         475      3.28%     77.97% |         497      3.43%     81.40% |         475      3.28%     84.68% |         429      2.96%     87.64% |         448      3.09%     90.73% |         461      3.18%     93.91% |         458      3.16%     97.07% |         424      2.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        14492                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       24651      4.22%      4.22% |       18068      3.09%      7.32% |       18112      3.10%     10.42% |       18081      3.10%     13.51% |       18039      3.09%     16.60% |       18011      3.08%     19.69% |       18029      3.09%     22.78% |       18054      3.09%     25.87% |       18042      3.09%     28.96% |       18089      3.10%     32.06% |       18141      3.11%     35.16% |       18012      3.08%     38.25% |       18016      3.09%     41.33% |       18033      3.09%     44.42% |       18062      3.09%     47.52% |       18014      3.09%     50.60% |       18022      3.09%     53.69% |       18011      3.08%     56.77% |       18007      3.08%     59.86% |       17999      3.08%     62.94% |       18002      3.08%     66.02% |       18089      3.10%     69.12% |       18086      3.10%     72.22% |       18016      3.09%     75.30% |       18023      3.09%     78.39% |       18042      3.09%     81.48% |       18039      3.09%     84.57% |       17995      3.08%     87.65% |       18052      3.09%     90.74% |       18026      3.09%     93.83% |       18012      3.08%     96.92% |       18011      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total       583886                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.63% |       21981      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total       702456                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      6.25%      6.25% |           2      6.25%     12.50% |           1      3.12%     15.62% |           3      9.38%     25.00% |           1      3.12%     28.12% |           1      3.12%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           1      3.12%     34.38% |           2      6.25%     40.62% |           1      3.12%     43.75% |           1      3.12%     46.88% |           2      6.25%     53.12% |           1      3.12%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           1      3.12%     59.38% |           0      0.00%     59.38% |           1      3.12%     62.50% |           2      6.25%     68.75% |           0      0.00%     68.75% |           1      3.12%     71.88% |           1      3.12%     75.00% |           1      3.12%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           0      0.00%     78.12% |           2      6.25%     84.38% |           1      3.12%     87.50% |           1      3.12%     90.62% |           3      9.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total           32                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3380      3.10%      3.10% |        3265      3.00%      6.10% |        2996      2.75%      8.85% |        3066      2.82%     11.67% |        3043      2.79%     14.47% |        3558      3.27%     17.73% |        3265      3.00%     20.73% |        2812      2.58%     23.31% |        3062      2.81%     26.13% |        4674      4.29%     30.42% |        3411      3.13%     33.55% |        3329      3.06%     36.61% |        2989      2.75%     39.35% |        3914      3.59%     42.95% |        3345      3.07%     46.02% |        3310      3.04%     49.06% |        3632      3.34%     52.40% |        3663      3.36%     55.76% |        3162      2.90%     58.67% |        2880      2.65%     61.31% |        2631      2.42%     63.73% |        3271      3.00%     66.73% |        3086      2.83%     69.57% |        2926      2.69%     72.25% |        3121      2.87%     75.12% |        3218      2.96%     78.08% |        2761      2.54%     80.61% |        4179      3.84%     84.45% |        3520      3.23%     87.68% |        4763      4.37%     92.06% |        4635      4.26%     96.31% |        4014      3.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       108881                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        4282      3.18%      3.18% |        4123      3.06%      6.25% |        3969      2.95%      9.19% |        4010      2.98%     12.17% |        4060      3.02%     15.19% |        4314      3.21%     18.40% |        4281      3.18%     21.58% |        4443      3.30%     24.88% |        4385      3.26%     28.14% |        4351      3.23%     31.37% |        4095      3.04%     34.41% |        4084      3.03%     37.45% |        4165      3.09%     40.54% |        4157      3.09%     43.63% |        4095      3.04%     46.67% |        4194      3.12%     49.79% |        4314      3.21%     53.00% |        4326      3.21%     56.21% |        4231      3.14%     59.35% |        4232      3.14%     62.50% |        4329      3.22%     65.72% |        4277      3.18%     68.89% |        4140      3.08%     71.97% |        4084      3.03%     75.00% |        4055      3.01%     78.02% |        4060      3.02%     81.03% |        4044      3.00%     84.04% |        4168      3.10%     87.14% |        4216      3.13%     90.27% |        4410      3.28%     93.55% |        4305      3.20%     96.74% |        4382      3.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total       134581                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      4.00%      4.00% |           4     16.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           4     16.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           0      0.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           0      0.00%     56.00% |           4     16.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           0      0.00%     72.00% |           5     20.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           4     19.05%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           5     23.81%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           0      0.00%     52.38% |           4     19.05%     71.43% |           2      9.52%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           0      0.00%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           2      9.52%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           1      4.76%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          13      2.53%      2.53% |          14      2.72%      5.25% |          11      2.14%      7.39% |          10      1.95%      9.34% |          11      2.14%     11.48% |          21      4.09%     15.56% |          19      3.70%     19.26% |           9      1.75%     21.01% |          20      3.89%     24.90% |          19      3.70%     28.60% |          19      3.70%     32.30% |          12      2.33%     34.63% |          15      2.92%     37.55% |          25      4.86%     42.41% |          23      4.47%     46.89% |          19      3.70%     50.58% |          21      4.09%     54.67% |           6      1.17%     55.84% |          20      3.89%     59.73% |          13      2.53%     62.26% |          14      2.72%     64.98% |          13      2.53%     67.51% |          18      3.50%     71.01% |          27      5.25%     76.26% |          21      4.09%     80.35% |          11      2.14%     82.49% |           8      1.56%     84.05% |          22      4.28%     88.33% |          12      2.33%     90.66% |          20      3.89%     94.55% |          11      2.14%     96.69% |          17      3.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total          514                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2286      3.18%      3.18% |        2145      2.98%      6.16% |        2183      3.03%      9.19% |        2174      3.02%     12.22% |        2187      3.04%     15.26% |        2202      3.06%     18.32% |        2290      3.18%     21.50% |        2339      3.25%     24.75% |        2351      3.27%     28.02% |        2259      3.14%     31.16% |        2274      3.16%     34.32% |        2228      3.10%     37.42% |        2241      3.12%     40.54% |        2277      3.17%     43.70% |        2287      3.18%     46.88% |        2285      3.18%     50.06% |        2285      3.18%     53.23% |        2284      3.18%     56.41% |        2298      3.19%     59.60% |        2272      3.16%     62.76% |        2230      3.10%     65.86% |        2286      3.18%     69.04% |        2205      3.07%     72.11% |        2177      3.03%     75.13% |        2222      3.09%     78.22% |        2214      3.08%     81.30% |        2222      3.09%     84.39% |        2224      3.09%     87.48% |        2237      3.11%     90.59% |        2288      3.18%     93.77% |        2260      3.14%     96.91% |        2220      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        71932                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      5.15%      5.15% |           8      8.25%     13.40% |           7      7.22%     20.62% |           8      8.25%     28.87% |           2      2.06%     30.93% |           6      6.19%     37.11% |           5      5.15%     42.27% |           1      1.03%     43.30% |           0      0.00%     43.30% |           1      1.03%     44.33% |           3      3.09%     47.42% |           3      3.09%     50.52% |           4      4.12%     54.64% |           0      0.00%     54.64% |           7      7.22%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           0      0.00%     61.86% |           1      1.03%     62.89% |          11     11.34%     74.23% |           4      4.12%     78.35% |           1      1.03%     79.38% |           0      0.00%     79.38% |           2      2.06%     81.44% |           2      2.06%     83.51% |           4      4.12%     87.63% |           5      5.15%     92.78% |           2      2.06%     94.85% |           1      1.03%     95.88% |           2      2.06%     97.94% |           0      0.00%     97.94% |           1      1.03%     98.97% |           1      1.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           97                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       86502      8.18%      8.18% |       32313      3.06%     11.24% |       31261      2.96%     14.19% |       32053      3.03%     17.23% |       31474      2.98%     20.20% |       31047      2.94%     23.14% |       30698      2.90%     26.04% |       30499      2.88%     28.93% |       30448      2.88%     31.81% |       30999      2.93%     34.74% |       33028      3.12%     37.86% |       32371      3.06%     40.92% |       31667      2.99%     43.92% |       30801      2.91%     46.83% |       30296      2.87%     49.70% |       30500      2.88%     52.58% |       31226      2.95%     55.53% |       30846      2.92%     58.45% |       31198      2.95%     61.40% |       31242      2.95%     64.36% |       31250      2.96%     67.31% |       32430      3.07%     70.38% |       31568      2.99%     73.36% |       30948      2.93%     76.29% |       31005      2.93%     79.22% |       31411      2.97%     82.19% |       30910      2.92%     85.12% |       30497      2.88%     88.00% |       31044      2.94%     90.94% |       30408      2.88%     93.81% |       31177      2.95%     96.76% |       34228      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1057345                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       18743      5.90%      5.90% |        9768      3.08%      8.98% |        9455      2.98%     11.96% |        9672      3.05%     15.01% |        9410      2.96%     17.97% |        9365      2.95%     20.92% |        9707      3.06%     23.98% |        9358      2.95%     26.93% |        9418      2.97%     29.90% |       10078      3.17%     33.07% |        9368      2.95%     36.02% |        9378      2.95%     38.98% |        9585      3.02%     42.00% |        9268      2.92%     44.92% |        9216      2.90%     47.82% |        9353      2.95%     50.77% |        9474      2.98%     53.75% |        9343      2.94%     56.69% |        9744      3.07%     59.76% |        9627      3.03%     62.80% |        9398      2.96%     65.76% |       10677      3.36%     69.12% |        9495      2.99%     72.11% |        9578      3.02%     75.13% |        9626      3.03%     78.16% |        9491      2.99%     81.15% |        9614      3.03%     84.18% |        9599      3.02%     87.21% |        9401      2.96%     90.17% |        9516      3.00%     93.17% |       11575      3.65%     96.81% |       10118      3.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       317418                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       28152      4.02%      4.02% |       21654      3.09%      7.12% |       21671      3.10%     10.22% |       21664      3.10%     13.31% |       21642      3.09%     16.40% |       21641      3.09%     19.50% |       21640      3.09%     22.59% |       21672      3.10%     25.69% |       21671      3.10%     28.78% |       21678      3.10%     31.88% |       21661      3.10%     34.98% |       21672      3.10%     38.08% |       21648      3.09%     41.17% |       21651      3.09%     44.26% |       21637      3.09%     47.36% |       21660      3.10%     50.45% |       21685      3.10%     53.55% |       21681      3.10%     56.65% |       21669      3.10%     59.75% |       21672      3.10%     62.84% |       21658      3.10%     65.94% |       21662      3.10%     69.04% |       21657      3.10%     72.13% |       21668      3.10%     75.23% |       21682      3.10%     78.33% |       21681      3.10%     81.43% |       21674      3.10%     84.52% |       21661      3.10%     87.62% |       21678      3.10%     90.72% |       21655      3.09%     93.81% |       21647      3.09%     96.91% |       21653      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total       699697                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       15436      3.14%      3.14% |       15459      3.14%      6.28% |       15464      3.15%      9.43% |       15459      3.14%     12.57% |       15437      3.14%     15.71% |       15362      3.12%     18.84% |       15332      3.12%     21.96% |       15297      3.11%     25.07% |       15263      3.10%     28.17% |       15376      3.13%     31.30% |       15401      3.13%     34.43% |       15363      3.12%     37.56% |       15394      3.13%     40.69% |       15335      3.12%     43.81% |       15385      3.13%     46.94% |       15301      3.11%     50.05% |       15322      3.12%     53.17% |       15323      3.12%     56.28% |       15308      3.11%     59.40% |       15289      3.11%     62.51% |       15347      3.12%     65.63% |       15337      3.12%     68.75% |       15402      3.13%     71.88% |       15383      3.13%     75.01% |       15395      3.13%     78.14% |       15435      3.14%     81.28% |       15394      3.13%     84.41% |       15307      3.11%     87.53% |       15361      3.12%     90.65% |       15316      3.12%     93.77% |       15330      3.12%     96.89% |       15314      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total       491627                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1837      3.12%      3.12% |        1763      2.99%      6.11% |        1779      3.02%      9.12% |        1765      2.99%     12.12% |        1779      3.02%     15.14% |        1807      3.07%     18.20% |        1876      3.18%     21.38% |        1888      3.20%     24.59% |        1947      3.30%     27.89% |        1876      3.18%     31.07% |        1870      3.17%     34.24% |        1815      3.08%     37.32% |        1810      3.07%     40.39% |        1863      3.16%     43.55% |        1876      3.18%     46.73% |        1881      3.19%     49.92% |        1886      3.20%     53.12% |        1883      3.19%     56.32% |        1900      3.22%     59.54% |        1909      3.24%     62.78% |        1870      3.17%     65.95% |        1881      3.19%     69.14% |        1849      3.14%     72.28% |        1803      3.06%     75.34% |        1804      3.06%     78.40% |        1778      3.02%     81.41% |        1793      3.04%     84.45% |        1840      3.12%     87.57% |        1831      3.11%     90.68% |        1850      3.14%     93.82% |        1829      3.10%     96.92% |        1816      3.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        58954                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         815      3.28%      3.28% |         737      2.96%      6.24% |         786      3.16%      9.40% |         748      3.01%     12.41% |         770      3.10%     15.50% |         773      3.11%     18.61% |         788      3.17%     21.78% |         768      3.09%     24.87% |         811      3.26%     28.13% |         768      3.09%     31.22% |         767      3.08%     34.30% |         775      3.12%     37.42% |         772      3.10%     40.52% |         791      3.18%     43.70% |         786      3.16%     46.86% |         794      3.19%     50.05% |         766      3.08%     53.13% |         809      3.25%     56.39% |         768      3.09%     59.47% |         785      3.16%     62.63% |         776      3.12%     65.75% |         769      3.09%     68.84% |         773      3.11%     71.95% |         787      3.16%     75.12% |         771      3.10%     78.22% |         789      3.17%     81.39% |         778      3.13%     84.52% |         772      3.10%     87.62% |         771      3.10%     90.72% |         746      3.00%     93.72% |         775      3.12%     96.84% |         787      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total        24871                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      149731      5.77%      5.77% |       80090      3.09%      8.86% |       78749      3.04%     11.90% |       79742      3.07%     14.97% |       78846      3.04%     18.01% |       78297      3.02%     21.03% |       78258      3.02%     24.05% |       77690      3.00%     27.04% |       77646      2.99%     30.03% |       78985      3.05%     33.08% |       80310      3.10%     36.18% |       79626      3.07%     39.25% |       79137      3.05%     42.30% |       77893      3.00%     45.30% |       77378      2.98%     48.28% |       77647      2.99%     51.28% |       78522      3.03%     54.30% |       78022      3.01%     57.31% |       78768      3.04%     60.35% |       78676      3.03%     63.38% |       78507      3.03%     66.41% |       80973      3.12%     69.53% |       78995      3.05%     72.57% |       78457      3.02%     75.60% |       78581      3.03%     78.63% |       78897      3.04%     81.67% |       78481      3.03%     84.70% |       77954      3.01%     87.70% |       78378      3.02%     90.72% |       77793      3.00%     93.72% |       80630      3.11%     96.83% |       82213      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      2593872                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old |           1      2.38%      2.38% |           0      0.00%      2.38% |           2      4.76%      7.14% |           1      2.38%      9.52% |           1      2.38%     11.90% |           0      0.00%     11.90% |           0      0.00%     11.90% |           3      7.14%     19.05% |           0      0.00%     19.05% |           1      2.38%     21.43% |           1      2.38%     23.81% |           2      4.76%     28.57% |           2      4.76%     33.33% |           2      4.76%     38.10% |           2      4.76%     42.86% |           3      7.14%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2      4.76%     54.76% |           2      4.76%     59.52% |           3      7.14%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           2      4.76%     71.43% |           1      2.38%     73.81% |           4      9.52%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           4      9.52%     92.86% |           1      2.38%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           0      0.00%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX_old::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |          22      3.72%      3.72% |          17      2.87%      6.59% |          17      2.87%      9.46% |          11      1.86%     11.32% |          13      2.20%     13.51% |          21      3.55%     17.06% |          28      4.73%     21.79% |          14      2.36%     24.16% |          21      3.55%     27.70% |          10      1.69%     29.39% |          31      5.24%     34.63% |          12      2.03%     36.66% |          14      2.36%     39.02% |          21      3.55%     42.57% |          24      4.05%     46.62% |          10      1.69%     48.31% |          19      3.21%     51.52% |           6      1.01%     52.53% |          18      3.04%     55.57% |          13      2.20%     57.77% |          18      3.04%     60.81% |          28      4.73%     65.54% |          27      4.56%     70.10% |          15      2.53%     72.64% |          25      4.22%     76.86% |          17      2.87%     79.73% |          21      3.55%     83.28% |          12      2.03%     85.30% |          18      3.04%     88.34% |          24      4.05%     92.40% |          26      4.39%     96.79% |          19      3.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total          592                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |         109      3.17%      3.17% |         106      3.08%      6.25% |         101      2.94%      9.19% |         103      3.00%     12.18% |          87      2.53%     14.71% |          96      2.79%     17.51% |          73      2.12%     19.63% |         104      3.02%     22.65% |          91      2.65%     25.30% |         104      3.02%     28.32% |         125      3.63%     31.96% |         114      3.31%     35.27% |         108      3.14%     38.41% |         116      3.37%     41.79% |         104      3.02%     44.81% |         122      3.55%     48.36% |          96      2.79%     51.15% |         111      3.23%     54.38% |         102      2.97%     57.34% |         106      3.08%     60.42% |         111      3.23%     63.65% |         173      5.03%     68.68% |         118      3.43%     72.11% |         106      3.08%     75.20% |          87      2.53%     77.73% |          92      2.68%     80.40% |         117      3.40%     83.80% |         117      3.40%     87.21% |         104      3.02%     90.23% |         103      3.00%     93.22% |         115      3.34%     96.57% |         118      3.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total         3439                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          23     34.33%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |           0      0.00%     34.33% |          12     17.91%     52.24% |          16     23.88%     76.12% |          16     23.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total           67                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      0.87%      0.87% |           1      0.87%      1.74% |           0      0.00%      1.74% |           0      0.00%      1.74% |           2      1.74%      3.48% |          23     20.00%     23.48% |           2      1.74%     25.22% |           2      1.74%     26.96% |           0      0.00%     26.96% |           2      1.74%     28.70% |           0      0.00%     28.70% |           1      0.87%     29.57% |           0      0.00%     29.57% |           2      1.74%     31.30% |           1      0.87%     32.17% |           0      0.00%     32.17% |          56     48.70%     80.87% |          13     11.30%     92.17% |           2      1.74%     93.91% |           1      0.87%     94.78% |           1      0.87%     95.65% |           3      2.61%     98.26% |           1      0.87%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           0      0.00%     99.13% |           1      0.87%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total          115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     95.65%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       46092      3.63%      3.63% |       39407      3.11%      6.74% |       39459      3.11%      9.85% |       39434      3.11%     12.96% |       39387      3.11%     16.07% |       39345      3.10%     19.17% |       39386      3.11%     22.28% |       39448      3.11%     25.39% |       39419      3.11%     28.50% |       39451      3.11%     31.61% |       39514      3.12%     34.73% |       39410      3.11%     37.83% |       39427      3.11%     40.94% |       39421      3.11%     44.05% |       39459      3.11%     47.16% |       39399      3.11%     50.27% |       39428      3.11%     53.38% |       39427      3.11%     56.49% |       39418      3.11%     59.60% |       39374      3.11%     62.70% |       39386      3.11%     65.81% |       39509      3.12%     68.92% |       39431      3.11%     72.03% |       39370      3.10%     75.14% |       39434      3.11%     78.25% |       39465      3.11%     81.36% |       39450      3.11%     84.47% |       39341      3.10%     87.57% |       39419      3.11%     90.68% |       39408      3.11%     93.79% |       39400      3.11%     96.90% |       39348      3.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      1268066                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.66%      4.66% |          24      3.39%      8.05% |          22      3.11%     11.16% |          22      3.11%     14.27% |          20      2.82%     17.09% |          21      2.97%     20.06% |          22      3.11%     23.16% |          22      3.11%     26.27% |          22      3.11%     29.38% |          23      3.25%     32.63% |          21      2.97%     35.59% |          21      2.97%     38.56% |          21      2.97%     41.53% |          21      2.97%     44.49% |          21      2.97%     47.46% |          21      2.97%     50.42% |          21      2.97%     53.39% |          22      3.11%     56.50% |          22      3.11%     59.60% |          22      3.11%     62.71% |          22      3.11%     65.82% |          23      3.25%     69.07% |          22      3.11%     72.18% |          21      2.97%     75.14% |          22      3.11%     78.25% |          23      3.25%     81.50% |          22      3.11%     84.60% |          21      2.97%     87.57% |          21      2.97%     90.54% |          22      3.11%     93.64% |          22      3.11%     96.75% |          23      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          708                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     12.50%     12.50% |           1      6.25%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           0      0.00%     18.75% |           1      6.25%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      6.25%     31.25% |           0      0.00%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           1      6.25%     43.75% |           1      6.25%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           0      0.00%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           0      0.00%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           1      6.25%     93.75% |           1      6.25%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          73     12.09%     12.09% |          15      2.48%     14.57% |          16      2.65%     17.22% |          10      1.66%     18.87% |          12      1.99%     20.86% |          19      3.15%     24.01% |          27      4.47%     28.48% |          13      2.15%     30.63% |          19      3.15%     33.77% |           9      1.49%     35.26% |          28      4.64%     39.90% |          12      1.99%     41.89% |          14      2.32%     44.21% |          21      3.48%     47.68% |          24      3.97%     51.66% |          10      1.66%     53.31% |          19      3.15%     56.46% |           5      0.83%     57.28% |          17      2.81%     60.10% |          13      2.15%     62.25% |          17      2.81%     65.07% |          24      3.97%     69.04% |          24      3.97%     73.01% |          15      2.48%     75.50% |          24      3.97%     79.47% |          16      2.65%     82.12% |          20      3.31%     85.43% |           9      1.49%     86.92% |          15      2.48%     89.40% |          22      3.64%     93.05% |          25      4.14%     97.19% |          17      2.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total          604                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      7.14%      7.14% |           2      4.76%     11.90% |           1      2.38%     14.29% |           1      2.38%     16.67% |           1      2.38%     19.05% |           2      4.76%     23.81% |           1      2.38%     26.19% |           1      2.38%     28.57% |           2      4.76%     33.33% |           1      2.38%     35.71% |           3      7.14%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           0      0.00%     42.86% |           1      2.38%     45.24% |           1      2.38%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           1      2.38%     50.00% |           4      9.52%     59.52% |           3      7.14%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      2.38%     69.05% |           1      2.38%     71.43% |           1      2.38%     73.81% |           3      7.14%     80.95% |           3      7.14%     88.10% |           2      4.76%     92.86% |           1      2.38%     95.24% |           2      4.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           42                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          54    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           54                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     13.33%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |           0      0.00%     13.33% |          13     86.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           15                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           4     21.05%     21.05% |          15     78.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      6.25%      6.25% |           1      6.25%     12.50% |           3     18.75%     31.25% |           1      6.25%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           0      0.00%     37.50% |           2     12.50%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      6.25%     56.25% |           1      6.25%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           0      0.00%     62.50% |           1      6.25%     68.75% |           1      6.25%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1      6.25%     81.25% |           1      6.25%     87.50% |           0      0.00%     87.50% |           2     12.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |          10      1.99%      1.99% |          17      3.39%      5.38% |          14      2.79%      8.17% |          15      2.99%     11.16% |          16      3.19%     14.34% |          15      2.99%     17.33% |           9      1.79%     19.12% |          16      3.19%     22.31% |          14      2.79%     25.10% |          13      2.59%     27.69% |          10      1.99%     29.68% |          11      2.19%     31.87% |          20      3.98%     35.86% |          14      2.79%     38.65% |          15      2.99%     41.63% |          13      2.59%     44.22% |          11      2.19%     46.41% |          10      1.99%     48.41% |          17      3.39%     51.79% |          20      3.98%     55.78% |          34      6.77%     62.55% |          44      8.76%     71.31% |          17      3.39%     74.70% |          19      3.78%     78.49% |           8      1.59%     80.08% |          10      1.99%     82.07% |          14      2.79%     84.86% |          19      3.78%     88.65% |          13      2.59%     91.24% |          13      2.59%     93.82% |          20      3.98%     97.81% |          11      2.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total          502                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |          99      3.37%      3.37% |          89      3.03%      6.41% |          87      2.97%      9.37% |          87      2.97%     12.34% |          70      2.39%     14.72% |          81      2.76%     17.48% |          64      2.18%     19.67% |          88      3.00%     22.67% |          77      2.62%     25.29% |          91      3.10%     28.39% |         115      3.92%     32.31% |         103      3.51%     35.82% |          88      3.00%     38.82% |         102      3.48%     42.30% |          89      3.03%     45.33% |         109      3.72%     49.05% |          85      2.90%     51.94% |         101      3.44%     55.39% |          85      2.90%     58.28% |          86      2.93%     61.21% |          77      2.62%     63.84% |         129      4.40%     68.23% |         101      3.44%     71.68% |          87      2.97%     74.64% |          79      2.69%     77.33% |          82      2.79%     80.13% |         103      3.51%     83.64% |          98      3.34%     86.98% |          91      3.10%     90.08% |          89      3.03%     93.12% |          95      3.24%     96.35% |         107      3.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total         2934                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2666      3.21%      3.21% |        2568      3.09%      6.30% |        2555      3.08%      9.38% |        2579      3.11%     12.49% |        2568      3.09%     15.58% |        2656      3.20%     18.78% |        2676      3.22%     22.00% |        2706      3.26%     25.26% |        2676      3.22%     28.48% |        2607      3.14%     31.62% |        2550      3.07%     34.70% |        2544      3.06%     37.76% |        2513      3.03%     40.79% |        2589      3.12%     43.90% |        2526      3.04%     46.95% |        2540      3.06%     50.01% |        2557      3.08%     53.09% |        2554      3.08%     56.16% |        2542      3.06%     59.22% |        2587      3.12%     62.34% |        2604      3.14%     65.48% |        2613      3.15%     68.62% |        2554      3.08%     71.70% |        2531      3.05%     74.75% |        2513      3.03%     77.77% |        2512      3.03%     80.80% |        2555      3.08%     83.88% |        2637      3.18%     87.05% |        2658      3.20%     90.25% |        2727      3.28%     93.54% |        2664      3.21%     96.75% |        2700      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        83027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2286      3.18%      3.18% |        2145      2.98%      6.16% |        2183      3.03%      9.19% |        2174      3.02%     12.22% |        2187      3.04%     15.26% |        2202      3.06%     18.32% |        2290      3.18%     21.50% |        2339      3.25%     24.75% |        2351      3.27%     28.02% |        2259      3.14%     31.16% |        2274      3.16%     34.32% |        2228      3.10%     37.42% |        2241      3.12%     40.54% |        2277      3.17%     43.70% |        2287      3.18%     46.88% |        2285      3.18%     50.06% |        2285      3.18%     53.23% |        2284      3.18%     56.41% |        2298      3.19%     59.60% |        2272      3.16%     62.76% |        2230      3.10%     65.86% |        2286      3.18%     69.04% |        2205      3.07%     72.11% |        2177      3.03%     75.13% |        2222      3.09%     78.22% |        2214      3.08%     81.30% |        2222      3.09%     84.39% |        2224      3.09%     87.48% |        2237      3.11%     90.59% |        2288      3.18%     93.77% |        2260      3.14%     96.91% |        2220      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        71932                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     11.11%     11.11% |           1      5.56%     16.67% |           1      5.56%     22.22% |           1      5.56%     27.78% |           2     11.11%     38.89% |           1      5.56%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           0      0.00%     44.44% |           1      5.56%     50.00% |           1      5.56%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           1      5.56%     61.11% |           0      0.00%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           1      5.56%     77.78% |           3     16.67%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |          21      2.16%      2.16% |          14      1.44%      3.59% |          23      2.36%      5.95% |          33      3.39%      9.34% |          33      3.39%     12.73% |          41      4.21%     16.94% |          45      4.62%     21.56% |          50      5.13%     26.69% |          49      5.03%     31.72% |          47      4.83%     36.55% |          35      3.59%     40.14% |          50      5.13%     45.28% |          51      5.24%     50.51% |          46      4.72%     55.24% |          39      4.00%     59.24% |          50      5.13%     64.37% |          52      5.34%     69.71% |          42      4.31%     74.02% |          32      3.29%     77.31% |          22      2.26%     79.57% |          26      2.67%     82.24% |          24      2.46%     84.70% |          13      1.33%     86.04% |          18      1.85%     87.89% |          19      1.95%     89.84% |          16      1.64%     91.48% |          13      1.33%     92.81% |           8      0.82%     93.63% |           9      0.92%     94.56% |          17      1.75%     96.30% |          17      1.75%     98.05% |          19      1.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total          974                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       24630      4.23%      4.23% |       18054      3.10%      7.32% |       18089      3.10%     10.43% |       18048      3.10%     13.52% |       18006      3.09%     16.61% |       17970      3.08%     19.69% |       17984      3.09%     22.78% |       18004      3.09%     25.87% |       17993      3.09%     28.95% |       18042      3.10%     32.05% |       18106      3.11%     35.16% |       17962      3.08%     38.24% |       17965      3.08%     41.32% |       17987      3.09%     44.40% |       18023      3.09%     47.50% |       17964      3.08%     50.58% |       17970      3.08%     53.66% |       17969      3.08%     56.74% |       17975      3.08%     59.83% |       17977      3.08%     62.91% |       17976      3.08%     66.00% |       18065      3.10%     69.09% |       18073      3.10%     72.19% |       17998      3.09%     75.28% |       18004      3.09%     78.37% |       18026      3.09%     81.46% |       18026      3.09%     84.56% |       17987      3.09%     87.64% |       18043      3.10%     90.74% |       18009      3.09%     93.83% |       17995      3.09%     96.91% |       17992      3.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total       582912                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         491      3.17%      3.17% |         431      2.79%      5.96% |         448      2.90%      8.86% |         454      2.94%     11.79% |         465      3.01%     14.80% |         449      2.90%     17.70% |         475      3.07%     20.78% |         525      3.39%     24.17% |         496      3.21%     27.38% |         479      3.10%     30.48% |         494      3.19%     33.67% |         509      3.29%     36.96% |         539      3.49%     40.45% |         515      3.33%     43.78% |         519      3.36%     47.13% |         518      3.35%     50.48% |         532      3.44%     53.92% |         526      3.40%     57.32% |         513      3.32%     60.64% |         471      3.05%     63.69% |         462      2.99%     66.67% |         487      3.15%     69.82% |         438      2.83%     72.65% |         445      2.88%     75.53% |         494      3.19%     78.73% |         513      3.32%     82.04% |         488      3.16%     85.20% |         436      2.82%     88.02% |         457      2.96%     90.97% |         478      3.09%     94.06% |         475      3.07%     97.14% |         443      2.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        15465                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX |           3     12.00%     12.00% |           1      4.00%     16.00% |           0      0.00%     16.00% |           1      4.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           2      8.00%     28.00% |           1      4.00%     32.00% |           2      8.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1      4.00%     44.00% |           0      0.00%     44.00% |           1      4.00%     48.00% |           1      4.00%     52.00% |           1      4.00%     56.00% |           2      8.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           0      0.00%     64.00% |           1      4.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           0      0.00%     68.00% |           3     12.00%     80.00% |           2      8.00%     88.00% |           1      4.00%     92.00% |           0      0.00%     92.00% |           1      4.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           0      0.00%     96.00% |           1      4.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L1_GETX::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       21995      3.13%      3.13% |       21946      3.12%      6.26% |       21946      3.12%      9.38% |       21956      3.13%     12.51% |       21940      3.12%     15.63% |       21950      3.12%     18.75% |       21951      3.12%     21.88% |       21943      3.12%     25.00% |       21954      3.13%     28.13% |       21954      3.13%     31.25% |       21938      3.12%     34.38% |       21963      3.13%     37.50% |       21947      3.12%     40.63% |       21943      3.12%     43.75% |       21941      3.12%     46.87% |       21941      3.12%     50.00% |       21950      3.12%     53.12% |       21956      3.13%     56.25% |       21954      3.13%     59.37% |       21950      3.12%     62.50% |       21972      3.13%     65.63% |       21981      3.13%     68.75% |       21944      3.12%     71.88% |       21950      3.12%     75.00% |       21960      3.13%     78.13% |       21950      3.12%     81.25% |       21960      3.13%     84.38% |       21942      3.12%     87.50% |       21943      3.12%     90.63% |       21945      3.12%     93.75% |       21954      3.13%     96.88% |       21937      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total       702456                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      4.35%      4.35% |           4      8.70%     13.04% |           6     13.04%     26.09% |           5     10.87%     36.96% |           1      2.17%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           0      0.00%     39.13% |           1      2.17%     41.30% |           1      2.17%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           4      8.70%     52.17% |           0      0.00%     52.17% |           5     10.87%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           0      0.00%     63.04% |           9     19.57%     82.61% |           2      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      2.17%     89.13% |           0      0.00%     89.13% |           1      2.17%     91.30% |           1      2.17%     93.48% |           2      4.35%     97.83% |           0      0.00%     97.83% |           1      2.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          10      1.74%      1.74% |           5      0.87%      2.61% |           9      1.57%      4.18% |           9      1.57%      5.75% |          20      3.48%      9.23% |          15      2.61%     11.85% |          19      3.31%     15.16% |          17      2.96%     18.12% |          16      2.79%     20.91% |          11      1.92%     22.82% |          20      3.48%     26.31% |          16      2.79%     29.09% |          23      4.01%     33.10% |          13      2.26%     35.37% |          23      4.01%     39.37% |          17      2.96%     42.33% |          19      3.31%     45.64% |          26      4.53%     50.17% |          24      4.18%     54.36% |          27      4.70%     59.06% |          18      3.14%     62.20% |          18      3.14%     65.33% |          24      4.18%     69.51% |          20      3.48%     73.00% |          15      2.61%     75.61% |          22      3.83%     79.44% |          19      3.31%     82.75% |          22      3.83%     86.59% |          21      3.66%     90.24% |          25      4.36%     94.60% |          17      2.96%     97.56% |          14      2.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total          574                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           1      4.76%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           0      0.00%      4.76% |           1      4.76%      9.52% |           0      0.00%      9.52% |           1      4.76%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1      4.76%     19.05% |           1      4.76%     23.81% |           0      0.00%     23.81% |           1      4.76%     28.57% |           4     19.05%     47.62% |           0      0.00%     47.62% |           2      9.52%     57.14% |           0      0.00%     57.14% |           2      9.52%     66.67% |           2      9.52%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           0      0.00%     76.19% |           1      4.76%     80.95% |           1      4.76%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      4.76%     90.48% |           2      9.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total           21                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |           3      3.66%      3.66% |           0      0.00%      3.66% |           3      3.66%      7.32% |           0      0.00%      7.32% |           1      1.22%      8.54% |           0      0.00%      8.54% |           4      4.88%     13.41% |           3      3.66%     17.07% |           0      0.00%     17.07% |           1      1.22%     18.29% |           2      2.44%     20.73% |           4      4.88%     25.61% |           4      4.88%     30.49% |           2      2.44%     32.93% |           5      6.10%     39.02% |           0      0.00%     39.02% |           2      2.44%     41.46% |           8      9.76%     51.22% |           3      3.66%     54.88% |           3      3.66%     58.54% |           2      2.44%     60.98% |           2      2.44%     63.41% |           1      1.22%     64.63% |           5      6.10%     70.73% |           2      2.44%     73.17% |           2      2.44%     75.61% |           1      1.22%     76.83% |           4      4.88%     81.71% |           1      1.22%     82.93% |           4      4.88%     87.80% |           2      2.44%     90.24% |           8      9.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total           82                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      152685      5.69%      5.69% |       82818      3.08%      8.77% |       81537      3.04%     11.81% |       82477      3.07%     14.88% |       81600      3.04%     17.92% |       81105      3.02%     20.94% |       81128      3.02%     23.96% |       80572      3.00%     26.96% |       80624      3.00%     29.96% |       81841      3.05%     33.01% |       83207      3.10%     36.11% |       82449      3.07%     39.18% |       81936      3.05%     42.23% |       80790      3.01%     45.24% |       80262      2.99%     48.23% |       80552      3.00%     51.23% |       81386      3.03%     54.26% |       80923      3.01%     57.28% |       81639      3.04%     60.32% |       81581      3.04%     63.36% |       81372      3.03%     66.39% |       83922      3.13%     69.51% |       81853      3.05%     72.56% |       81261      3.03%     75.59% |       81366      3.03%     78.62% |       81667      3.04%     81.66% |       81288      3.03%     84.69% |       80797      3.01%     87.70% |       81202      3.02%     90.72% |       80624      3.00%     93.72% |       83476      3.11%     96.83% |       85062      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      2685002                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          10      2.69%      2.69% |           7      1.88%      4.57% |           3      0.81%      5.38% |           8      2.15%      7.53% |           7      1.88%      9.41% |          14      3.76%     13.17% |          11      2.96%     16.13% |           7      1.88%     18.01% |          15      4.03%     22.04% |          16      4.30%     26.34% |          13      3.49%     29.84% |          12      3.23%     33.06% |          12      3.23%     36.29% |          20      5.38%     41.67% |          16      4.30%     45.97% |          16      4.30%     50.27% |          15      4.03%     54.30% |           6      1.61%     55.91% |          15      4.03%     59.95% |          11      2.96%     62.90% |          10      2.69%     65.59% |           9      2.42%     68.01% |           9      2.42%     70.43% |          23      6.18%     76.61% |          17      4.57%     81.18% |           8      2.15%     83.33% |           6      1.61%     84.95% |          16      4.30%     89.25% |           8      2.15%     91.40% |          13      3.49%     94.89% |           6      1.61%     96.51% |          13      3.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          372                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1817      3.20%      3.20% |        1728      3.05%      6.25% |        1713      3.02%      9.27% |        1710      3.02%     12.29% |        1691      2.98%     15.27% |        1747      3.08%     18.35% |        1816      3.20%     21.55% |        1820      3.21%     24.76% |        1809      3.19%     27.95% |        1775      3.13%     31.08% |        1795      3.17%     34.25% |        1760      3.10%     37.35% |        1769      3.12%     40.47% |        1751      3.09%     43.56% |        1815      3.20%     46.76% |        1827      3.22%     49.98% |        1814      3.20%     53.18% |        1813      3.20%     56.38% |        1827      3.22%     59.60% |        1833      3.23%     62.83% |        1759      3.10%     65.94% |        1794      3.16%     69.10% |        1772      3.12%     72.22% |        1735      3.06%     75.28% |        1759      3.10%     78.39% |        1707      3.01%     81.40% |        1732      3.05%     84.45% |        1777      3.13%     87.58% |        1770      3.12%     90.71% |        1771      3.12%     93.83% |        1756      3.10%     96.93% |        1743      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        56705                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          20      0.89%      0.89% |          35      1.56%      2.45% |          66      2.94%      5.38% |          55      2.45%      7.83% |          88      3.92%     11.75% |          60      2.67%     14.42% |          60      2.67%     17.09% |          68      3.03%     20.12% |         138      6.14%     26.26% |         101      4.49%     30.75% |          75      3.34%     34.09% |          55      2.45%     36.54% |          41      1.82%     38.36% |         112      4.98%     43.35% |          61      2.71%     46.06% |          54      2.40%     48.46% |          72      3.20%     51.67% |          70      3.12%     54.78% |          73      3.25%     58.03% |          76      3.38%     61.42% |         111      4.94%     66.36% |          87      3.87%     70.23% |          77      3.43%     73.65% |          68      3.03%     76.68% |          45      2.00%     78.68% |          69      3.07%     81.75% |          61      2.71%     84.47% |          63      2.80%     87.27% |          61      2.71%     89.99% |          79      3.52%     93.50% |          73      3.25%     96.75% |          73      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         2247                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          20      0.89%      0.89% |          35      1.56%      2.45% |          66      2.94%      5.38% |          55      2.45%      7.83% |          88      3.92%     11.75% |          60      2.67%     14.42% |          60      2.67%     17.09% |          68      3.03%     20.12% |         138      6.14%     26.26% |         101      4.49%     30.75% |          75      3.34%     34.09% |          55      2.45%     36.54% |          41      1.82%     38.36% |         112      4.98%     43.35% |          61      2.71%     46.06% |          54      2.40%     48.46% |          72      3.20%     51.67% |          70      3.12%     54.78% |          73      3.25%     58.03% |          76      3.38%     61.42% |         111      4.94%     66.36% |          87      3.87%     70.23% |          77      3.43%     73.65% |          68      3.03%     76.68% |          45      2.00%     78.68% |          69      3.07%     81.75% |          61      2.71%     84.47% |          63      2.80%     87.27% |          61      2.71%     89.99% |          79      3.52%     93.50% |          73      3.25%     96.75% |          73      3.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         2247                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           1      7.69%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           1      7.69%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           0      0.00%     23.08% |           1      7.69%     30.77% |           1      7.69%     38.46% |           0      0.00%     38.46% |           1      7.69%     46.15% |           0      0.00%     46.15% |           1      7.69%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           0      0.00%     53.85% |           1      7.69%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           1      7.69%     84.62% |           2     15.38%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1817      3.20%      3.20% |        1728      3.05%      6.25% |        1713      3.02%      9.27% |        1710      3.02%     12.29% |        1691      2.98%     15.27% |        1747      3.08%     18.35% |        1816      3.20%     21.55% |        1820      3.21%     24.76% |        1809      3.19%     27.95% |        1775      3.13%     31.08% |        1795      3.17%     34.25% |        1760      3.10%     37.35% |        1769      3.12%     40.47% |        1751      3.09%     43.56% |        1815      3.20%     46.76% |        1827      3.22%     49.98% |        1814      3.20%     53.18% |        1813      3.20%     56.38% |        1827      3.22%     59.60% |        1833      3.23%     62.83% |        1759      3.10%     65.93% |        1794      3.16%     69.10% |        1772      3.12%     72.22% |        1735      3.06%     75.28% |        1759      3.10%     78.38% |        1709      3.01%     81.40% |        1732      3.05%     84.45% |        1777      3.13%     87.59% |        1770      3.12%     90.71% |        1771      3.12%     93.83% |        1756      3.10%     96.93% |        1743      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        56707                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      492540     20.19%     20.19% |     1219566     50.00%     70.19% |       87226      3.58%     73.77% |       94280      3.87%     77.63% |      101208      4.15%     81.78% |       96466      3.95%     85.74% |       88208      3.62%     89.36% |       94257      3.86%     93.22% |       81112      3.33%     96.55% |       84269      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2439132                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      492540     20.19%     20.19% |     1219566     50.00%     70.19% |       87226      3.58%     73.77% |       94280      3.87%     77.63% |      101208      4.15%     81.78% |       96466      3.95%     85.74% |       88208      3.62%     89.36% |       94257      3.86%     93.22% |       81112      3.33%     96.55% |       84269      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2439132                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      492540     20.19%     20.19% |     1219566     50.00%     70.19% |       87226      3.58%     73.77% |       94280      3.87%     77.63% |      101208      4.15%     81.78% |       96466      3.95%     85.74% |       88208      3.62%     89.36% |       94257      3.86%     93.22% |       81112      3.33%     96.55% |       84269      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2439132                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      492540     20.19%     20.19% |     1219566     50.00%     70.19% |       87226      3.58%     73.77% |       94280      3.87%     77.63% |      101208      4.15%     81.78% |       96466      3.95%     85.74% |       88208      3.62%     89.36% |       94257      3.86%     93.22% |       81112      3.33%     96.55% |       84269      3.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2439132                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
