
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.119606                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                119606456500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5295774535000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                   8837                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    15652                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               19365055                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                6537996                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  6176.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    54581132                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      96670613                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                           500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     42241856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          42241856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     19941376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19941376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       660029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             660029                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       311584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            311584                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    353173710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            353173710                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    166724913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           166724913                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    519898623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           519898623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     660029                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    311584                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   660029                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  311584                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              42217984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                  23872                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19941312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               42241856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19941376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                   373                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            41423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            41271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            40452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            41122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            40913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            41361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            42051                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            41936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            41109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            41085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           40498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           41208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           40744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           41165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           41555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           41763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            19493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            19353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            19319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            19461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            19421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            19562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            19719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            19788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            19469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            19476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           19193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           19413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           19360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           19416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           19616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           19524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                    65972                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                    11911                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                 119605804500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               660029                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              311584                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 177649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  22610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  21432                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                  21812                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                  22282                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                  22457                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                  22016                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                  21841                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                  21043                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                  20069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                 18997                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                 18123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                 16703                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                 15415                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                 14251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                 13183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                 12123                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                 11209                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                 10359                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                  9914                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                  8831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                  8232                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                  7706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                  7240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                  6754                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                  6544                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                  6264                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                  6015                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                  5746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                  5581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                  5492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                 71763                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                  44718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                  49913                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                  52660                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                  54005                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                  54214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                  17312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                  16640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                  22122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       316033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   196.685080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   150.570523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   149.249155                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       107130     33.90%     33.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        97429     30.83%     64.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73093     23.13%     87.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19057      6.03%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14300      4.52%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2701      0.85%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1175      0.37%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          742      0.23%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          406      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       316033                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        46631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.146255                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    29.888540                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        46364     99.43%     99.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          207      0.44%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           41      0.09%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::3968-4095            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        46631                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        46631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.681885                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.169301                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.176234                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          36030     77.27%     77.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5370     11.52%     88.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2853      6.12%     94.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2378      5.10%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        46631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 75568412823                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            87936962823                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                3298280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                   114557.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat              133307.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      352.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      166.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   353.17                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   166.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        4.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    2.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   1.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.76                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      3.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                  485650                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                 169552                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                73.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               54.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    123100.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   67.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20209123250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::REF     3993860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT    95401876750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::0             1200837960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actEnergy::1             1188348840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::0              655219125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preEnergy::1              648404625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::0            2578118400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.readEnergy::1            2567151600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::0           1011618720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeEnergy::1           1007406720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::0         7811990160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.refreshEnergy::1         7811990160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::0        49302731970                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.actBackEnergy::1        48833042850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::0        28514897250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.preBackEnergy::1        28926905250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::0          91075413585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.totalEnergy::1          90983250045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::0          761.469258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0.averagePower::1          760.698692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1     41683712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          41683712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl1     19397440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       19397440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl1       651308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             651308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl1       303085                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            303085                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl1    348507206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            348507206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl1    162177198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           162177198                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl1    510684404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           510684404                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     651308                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    303085                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   651308                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  303085                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              41661248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                  22464                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               19397440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               41683712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            19397440                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                   351                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            40835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            40767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            40171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            40364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            40510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            40418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            41918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            41472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            40539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            40505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           40133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           40534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           40248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           40345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           41025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           41173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            18919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            18913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            18902                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            18856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            18875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            18934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            19271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            19301                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            18850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            18978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           18758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           18800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           18818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           18808                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           19069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           19033                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                    66453                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                    11723                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                 119605552500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               651308                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              303085                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 170554                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  21442                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  21460                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                  22329                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                  22628                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                  22468                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                  22306                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                  21696                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                  20736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                  19944                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                 18693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                 17458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                 16377                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                 15470                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                 14196                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                 13089                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                 12121                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                 11210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                 10545                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                  9746                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                  8991                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                  8311                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                  7818                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                  7369                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                  6893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                  6500                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                  6217                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                  5910                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                  5667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                  5475                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                  5340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                 71998                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                  43162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                  48426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                  50983                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                  52162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                  52594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                  17327                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                  16477                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                  21954                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       302898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   201.579991                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   154.060288                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   151.978860                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       100749     33.26%     33.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        90464     29.87%     63.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73260     24.19%     87.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511        18994      6.27%     93.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14173      4.68%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2705      0.89%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1283      0.42%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          861      0.28%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          409      0.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       302898                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.452521                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.852953                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44770     99.40%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          218      0.48%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           31      0.07%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            9      0.02%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        45041                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.729091                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.205456                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.206227                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34456     76.50%     76.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5411     12.01%     88.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2812      6.24%     94.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2362      5.24%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        45041                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 75052171762                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            87257615512                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                3254785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                   115295.13                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat              134045.13                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      348.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      162.18                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   348.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   162.18                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        3.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    2.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.76                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  482369                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                 168770                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                74.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               55.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    125321.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   68.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20698091000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::REF     3993860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT    94912909000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::0             1152960480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actEnergy::1             1136918160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::0              629095500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preEnergy::1              620342250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::0            2546317800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.readEnergy::1            2531061000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::0            984759120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeEnergy::1            979192800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::0         7811990160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.refreshEnergy::1         7811990160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::0        48093089085                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.actBackEnergy::1        47866384125                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::0        29575987500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.preBackEnergy::1        29774851500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::0          90794199645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.totalEnergy::1          90720739995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::0          759.118067                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1.averagePower::1          758.503880                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2     41620800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_read::total          41620800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl2     19384576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bytes_written::total       19384576                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl2       650325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_reads::total             650325                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl2       302884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.num_writes::total            302884                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl2    347981215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_read::total            347981215                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl2    162069645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_write::total           162069645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl2    510050860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.bw_total::total           510050860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                     650325                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                    302884                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                   650325                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                  302884                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM              41603200                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                  17600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten               19384512                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys               41620800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys            19384576                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                   275                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0            40771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1            40688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2            40348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3            40466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4            40595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5            40198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6            41760                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7            41115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8            40461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9            40493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10           40282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11           40575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12           40394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13           40048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14           40953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15           40903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0            18928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1            18851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2            18955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3            18890                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4            18894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5            18843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6            19176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7            19284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8            18843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9            18953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10           18866                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11           18817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12           18839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13           18721                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14           19021                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15           19002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                    63296                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                    12097                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                 119605664000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6               650325                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6              302884                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                 170755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                  21579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                  22258                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                  22804                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                  22923                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                  22899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                  22678                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                  22100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                  20947                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                  19918                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                 18690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                 17466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                 16214                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                 15129                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                 14078                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                 13047                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                 11977                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                 11143                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                 10183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                  9587                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                  8871                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                  8289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                  7809                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                  7394                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                  6962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                  6461                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                  6266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                  6045                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                  5692                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                  5497                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                  5473                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                 68916                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                  43133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                  48376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                  51069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                  52355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                  52474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                  17246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                  16185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                  22046                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::samples       301238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.455414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::gmean   154.882846                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::stdev   152.037186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::0-127        99133     32.91%     32.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::128-255        90209     29.95%     62.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73277     24.33%     87.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19084      6.34%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14275      4.74%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2736      0.91%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1275      0.42%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          859      0.29%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          390      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesPerActivate::total       301238                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.434605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    27.843736                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44749     99.37%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          229      0.51%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           39      0.09%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            6      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            7      0.02%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::2816-2943            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.rdPerTurnAround::total        45034                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.725652                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.202590                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.202891                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34474     76.55%     76.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5385     11.96%     88.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2851      6.33%     94.84% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2324      5.16%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.wrPerTurnAround::total        45034                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                 74766146976                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat            86954584476                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                3250250000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                   115015.99                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat              133765.99                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                      347.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                      162.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                   347.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                   162.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        3.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    2.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      1.75                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      3.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                  482385                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                 169304                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                74.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate               55.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                    125476.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                   68.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20823431250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::REF     3993860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT    94787692250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::0             1146186720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actEnergy::1             1131165000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::0              625399500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preEnergy::1              617203125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::0            2542324200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.readEnergy::1            2528042400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::0            983780640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeEnergy::1            978868800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::0         7811990160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.refreshEnergy::1         7811990160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::0        48337291620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.actBackEnergy::1        47828204100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::0        29361774750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.preBackEnergy::1        29808342750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::0          90808747590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.totalEnergy::1          90703816335                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::0          759.239700                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2.averagePower::1          758.362384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3     41641344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_read::total          41641344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl3     19399296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bytes_written::total       19399296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl3       650646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_reads::total             650646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl3       303114                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.num_writes::total            303114                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl3    348152978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_read::total            348152978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl3    162192716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_write::total           162192716                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl3    510345694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.bw_total::total           510345694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                     650647                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                    303114                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                   650647                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                  303114                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM              41618816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                  22592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten               19399232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys               41641408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys            19399296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                   353                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0            40758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1            40622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2            40137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3            40409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4            40420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5            40533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6            41562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7            41361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8            40446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9            40342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10           40254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11           40473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12           40333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13           40327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14           41018                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15           41299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0            18939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1            18836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2            18889                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3            18892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4            18905                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5            18939                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6            19175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7            19315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8            18917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9            18881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10           18757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11           18844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12           18850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13           18834                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14           19073                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15           19067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                    65702                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                    11393                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                 119605713000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6               650647                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6              303114                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                 170210                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                  21398                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                  21531                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                  22091                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                  22699                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                  22846                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                  22570                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                  22068                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                  21253                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                  20073                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                 18708                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                 17244                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                 16053                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                 15148                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                 14069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                 12904                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                 11970                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                 11050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                 10246                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                  9495                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                  8873                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                  8361                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                  7853                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                  7367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                  7065                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                  6593                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                  6206                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                  5984                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                  5825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                  5669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                  5539                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                 71333                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                  43236                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                  48540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                  51174                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                  52237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                  52560                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                  17410                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                  16436                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                  21521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::samples       301771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::mean   202.198568                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::gmean   154.643221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::stdev   151.978194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::0-127        99625     33.01%     33.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::128-255        90396     29.96%     62.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::256-383        73137     24.24%     87.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::384-511        19150      6.35%     93.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::512-639        14213      4.71%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2681      0.89%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1316      0.44%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          857      0.28%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          396      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesPerActivate::total       301771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::samples        45048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::mean     14.435558                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    28.009694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::0-127        44785     99.42%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::128-255          205      0.46%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::256-383           39      0.09%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::384-511           10      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            4      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            2      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::2944-3071            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.rdPerTurnAround::total        45048                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::samples        45048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::mean      6.728667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     6.207432                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.194971                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::4-7          34467     76.51%     76.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::8-11          5418     12.03%     88.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::12-15         2899      6.44%     94.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::16-19         2264      5.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.wrPerTurnAround::total        45048                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                 75693630066                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat            87886642566                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                3251470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                   116399.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat              135149.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                      347.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                      162.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                   348.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                   162.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        3.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    2.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      1.76                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      3.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                  482068                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                 169564                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                74.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate               55.94                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                    125404.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                   68.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::IDLE   20264119750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::REF     3993860000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT    95347089250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::0             1148084280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actEnergy::1             1133281800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::0              626434875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preEnergy::1              618358125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::0            2541232200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.readEnergy::1            2530990800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::0            984240720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeEnergy::1            979899120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::0         7811990160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.refreshEnergy::1         7811990160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::0        48066235245                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.actBackEnergy::1        47605299615                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::0        29599568250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.preBackEnergy::1        30003897750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::0          90777785730                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.totalEnergy::1          90683717370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::0          758.980570                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3.averagePower::1          758.194078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.inst_hits                            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            1                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        1                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.inst_accesses                        0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.inst_hits                            1                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.inst_misses                          0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.flush_tlb                            1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.inst_accesses                        1                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 1                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             1                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                      10352336616                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           1                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             3                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     3                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            3                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   6                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             1                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           1                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                10352336616                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.Branches                                 1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         2     66.67%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     66.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        1     33.33%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          3                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1253                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1477                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1477                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               252                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              252                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          504                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio          518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1848                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port          564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    5964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         1430                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1036                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         4518                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     5526                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy              1045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy              573000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              541108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              133108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1991500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          378                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      1548288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          378                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                256                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                2559                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples               27047709                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                 48.990682                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::gmean                31.730583                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                81.881390                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |    26169685     96.75%     96.75% |      616470      2.28%     99.03% |      247964      0.92%     99.95% |       13539      0.05%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                 27047709                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            4                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket           39                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples     39479965                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       3.192179                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.848617                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      5.610607                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |    34895805     88.39%     88.39% |     1459551      3.70%     92.09% |      458630      1.16%     93.25% |      558343      1.41%     94.66% |      437709      1.11%     95.77% |      431198      1.09%     96.86% |      450791      1.14%     98.00% |      473275      1.20%     99.20% |      314663      0.80%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total      39479965                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size            1024                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket            10239                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples            39479964                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean              50.233257                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              4.994389                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev            195.006693                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |    39089894     99.01%     99.01% |      350534      0.89%     99.90% |       34299      0.09%     99.99% |        4399      0.01%    100.00% |         700      0.00%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total              39479964                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples        34998861                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           3.000249                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          3.000214                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.015977                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    34990249     99.98%     99.98% |        8504      0.02%    100.00% |         108      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total          34998861                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples        4481103                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        419.138295                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       267.387637                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       426.051796                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |     4091033     91.30%     91.30% |      350534      7.82%     99.12% |       34299      0.77%     99.88% |        4399      0.10%     99.98% |         700      0.02%    100.00% |         111      0.00%    100.00% |          25      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total          4481103                      
system.ruby.num_spm_reads                    96468992                      
system.ruby.num_spm_writes                    8388608                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_hits                0                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_misses         829614                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_accesses       829614                      
system.ruby.taskdistributor.tlb_BCCMshrhits            0                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          311                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          299                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.fully_busy_cycles          322                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.fully_busy_cycles          263                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_hits     24669734                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_misses       897798                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     25567532                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_hits     10320926                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_misses       126417                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.L1Icache.demand_accesses     10447343                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load      1031842                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store        37740                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store       374583                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2034272                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl00.fully_busy_cycles        63965                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_misses           34                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses           34                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1283                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_misses       449897                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       451180                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl02.fully_busy_cycles       135340                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1197                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_misses       449985                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       451182                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl03.fully_busy_cycles       134656                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_hits          752                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_misses       423354                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424106                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl04.fully_busy_cycles       125903                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_hits          782                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_misses       414300                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       415082                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl05.fully_busy_cycles       121966                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1230                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_misses       422881                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       424111                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl06.fully_busy_cycles       126499                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_hits          771                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_misses       414312                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       415083                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl07.fully_busy_cycles       122766                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1084                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_misses       450097                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       451181                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl08.fully_busy_cycles       137047                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_hits         1102                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_misses       432029                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       433131                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl09.fully_busy_cycles       130188                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl10.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl11.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl12.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl13.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl14.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl15.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl16.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl17.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl18.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl19.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl20.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl21.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl22.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl23.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl24.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl25.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl26.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl27.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl28.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl29.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl30.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.hits              0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl31.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       134637                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        92762                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       227399                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits        53356                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        83692                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       137048                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_hits        54370                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_misses        83466                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl10.L2cache.demand_accesses       137836                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_hits        53416                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_misses        83215                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl11.L2cache.demand_accesses       136631                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_hits        52009                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_misses        83312                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl12.L2cache.demand_accesses       135321                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_hits        53137                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_misses        83351                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl13.L2cache.demand_accesses       136488                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_hits        51083                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_misses        83564                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl14.L2cache.demand_accesses       134647                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_hits        50929                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_misses        83793                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl15.L2cache.demand_accesses       134722                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_hits        52191                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_misses        83946                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl16.L2cache.demand_accesses       136137                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_hits        52342                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_misses        83757                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.L2cache.demand_accesses       136099                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl17.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_hits        52558                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_misses        83269                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl18.L2cache.demand_accesses       135827                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_hits        52736                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_misses        82974                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl19.L2cache.demand_accesses       135710                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits        52227                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses        83224                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses       135451                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_hits        52532                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_misses        83076                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl20.L2cache.demand_accesses       135608                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_hits        67394                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_misses        83457                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl21.L2cache.demand_accesses       150851                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_hits        60695                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_misses        83507                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.L2cache.demand_accesses       144202                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl22.fully_busy_cycles            1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_hits        51222                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_misses        83725                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl23.L2cache.demand_accesses       134947                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_hits        51804                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_misses        83847                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl24.L2cache.demand_accesses       135651                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_hits        52186                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_misses        83852                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl25.L2cache.demand_accesses       136038                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_hits        51923                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_misses        83190                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl26.L2cache.demand_accesses       135113                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_hits        53607                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_misses        82817                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl27.L2cache.demand_accesses       136424                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_hits        54273                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_misses        82691                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl28.L2cache.demand_accesses       136964                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_hits        54355                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_misses        83000                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl29.L2cache.demand_accesses       137355                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits        54757                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses        82878                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses       137635                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_hits        57465                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_misses        83262                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl30.L2cache.demand_accesses       140727                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_hits        63576                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_misses        83682                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl31.L2cache.demand_accesses       147258                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_hits        52870                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_misses        82811                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl4.L2cache.demand_accesses       135681                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_hits        52978                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_misses        82788                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl5.L2cache.demand_accesses       135766                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_hits        52082                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_misses        83098                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl6.L2cache.demand_accesses       135180                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_hits        50806                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_misses        83462                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl7.L2cache.demand_accesses       134268                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_hits        51184                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_misses        83775                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl8.L2cache.demand_accesses       134959                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_hits        53553                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_misses        83608                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.L2cache.demand_accesses       137161                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl9.fully_busy_cycles             1                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.netport_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          226                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_reads     25552258                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.buffer_writes     25552258                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_local_arbiter_activity     26660347                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.sw_global_arbiter_activity     25552258                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_local_arbiter_activity     12402119                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.vc_global_arbiter_activity     12253426                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.crossbar_activity     25552258                      
system.ruby.network.routers11.router_utilization     0.106818                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_reads     17567368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.buffer_writes     17567368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18961791                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.sw_global_arbiter_activity     17567368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_local_arbiter_activity      9810556                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.vc_global_arbiter_activity      9641352                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.crossbar_activity     17567368                      
system.ruby.network.routers12.router_utilization     0.073438                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_reads     15679863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.buffer_writes     15679863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_local_arbiter_activity     17065095                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15679863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7322982                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7161647                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.crossbar_activity     15679863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.router_utilization     0.065548                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_reads     14702439                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.buffer_writes     14702439                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16068129                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14702439                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6961909                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6834959                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.crossbar_activity     14702439                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.router_utilization     0.061462                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_reads     15058740                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.buffer_writes     15058740                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16386492                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.sw_global_arbiter_activity     15058740                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_local_arbiter_activity      8042804                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7775368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.crossbar_activity     15058740                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.router_utilization     0.062951                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_reads     14229073                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.buffer_writes     14229073                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15498910                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14229073                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7292329                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7189713                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.crossbar_activity     14229073                      
system.ruby.network.routers13.router_utilization     0.059483                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_reads     16648882                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.buffer_writes     16648882                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_local_arbiter_activity     18266767                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.sw_global_arbiter_activity     16648882                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_local_arbiter_activity      7194500                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.vc_global_arbiter_activity      7051054                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.crossbar_activity     16648882                      
system.ruby.network.routers19.router_utilization     0.069599                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_reads     14482641                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.buffer_writes     14482641                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_local_arbiter_activity     16083493                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14482641                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6554618                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6426353                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.crossbar_activity     14482641                      
system.ruby.network.routers20.router_utilization     0.060543                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_reads     10679959                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.buffer_writes     10679959                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_local_arbiter_activity     11442140                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.sw_global_arbiter_activity     10679959                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_local_arbiter_activity      5089747                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5009899                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.crossbar_activity     10679959                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.router_utilization     0.044646                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_reads     12178283                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.buffer_writes     12178283                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_local_arbiter_activity     13270324                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.sw_global_arbiter_activity     12178283                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6008122                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5881739                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.crossbar_activity     12178283                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.router_utilization     0.050910                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_reads      8406139                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.buffer_writes      8406139                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_local_arbiter_activity      8954115                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.sw_global_arbiter_activity      8406139                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3637352                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3553047                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.crossbar_activity      8406139                      
system.ruby.network.routers17.router_utilization     0.035141                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_reads      6504095                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.buffer_writes      6504095                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6607637                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6504095                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2940297                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2935307                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.crossbar_activity      6504095                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.router_utilization     0.027190                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_reads      7008179                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.buffer_writes      7008179                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7155975                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7008179                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_local_arbiter_activity      3421413                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.vc_global_arbiter_activity      3414867                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.crossbar_activity      7008179                      
system.ruby.network.routers14.router_utilization     0.029297                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_reads      6515956                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.buffer_writes      6515956                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6631908                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6515956                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2921736                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2915892                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.crossbar_activity      6515956                      
system.ruby.network.routers22.router_utilization     0.027239                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_reads      4282379                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.buffer_writes      4282379                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_local_arbiter_activity      4405398                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.sw_global_arbiter_activity      4282379                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1742204                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1730703                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.crossbar_activity      4282379                      
system.ruby.network.routers25.router_utilization     0.017902                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_reads      5918179                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.buffer_writes      5918179                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6124325                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5918179                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2461543                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2449403                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.crossbar_activity      5918179                      
system.ruby.network.routers26.router_utilization     0.024740                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_reads      7081273                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.buffer_writes      7081273                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_local_arbiter_activity      7252354                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.sw_global_arbiter_activity      7081273                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2777500                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2768197                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.crossbar_activity      7081273                      
system.ruby.network.routers27.router_utilization     0.029602                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_reads      6266772                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.buffer_writes      6266772                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_local_arbiter_activity      6437409                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.sw_global_arbiter_activity      6266772                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2514740                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2505696                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.crossbar_activity      6266772                      
system.ruby.network.routers28.router_utilization     0.026197                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_reads      5746534                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.buffer_writes      5746534                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_local_arbiter_activity      5974272                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.sw_global_arbiter_activity      5746534                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2464325                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.vc_global_arbiter_activity      2450342                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.crossbar_activity      5746534                      
system.ruby.network.routers29.router_utilization     0.024023                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_reads      3314712                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.buffer_writes      3314712                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3488810                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3314712                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1417746                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1407808                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.crossbar_activity      3314712                      
system.ruby.network.routers30.router_utilization     0.013857                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_reads      3262850                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.buffer_writes      3262850                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3282416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3262850                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1566150                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1565598                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.crossbar_activity      3262850                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.router_utilization     0.013640                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_reads      3833718                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.buffer_writes      3833718                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3865298                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3833718                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_local_arbiter_activity      2000801                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1997550                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.crossbar_activity      3833718                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.router_utilization     0.016026                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_reads      3600757                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.buffer_writes      3600757                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3633827                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3600757                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1743171                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1742229                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.crossbar_activity      3600757                      
system.ruby.network.routers16.router_utilization     0.015053                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_reads      2198595                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.buffer_writes      2198595                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2198595                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2198595                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_local_arbiter_activity       979743                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.vc_global_arbiter_activity       979743                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.crossbar_activity      2198595                      
system.ruby.network.routers24.router_utilization     0.009191                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_reads      3220132                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.buffer_writes      3220132                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3238563                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3220132                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1518575                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1518032                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.crossbar_activity      3220132                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.router_utilization     0.013461                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_reads      3633206                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.buffer_writes      3633206                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3665378                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3633206                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1890521                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1887546                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.crossbar_activity      3633206                      
system.ruby.network.routers15.router_utilization     0.015188                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_reads      3506238                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.buffer_writes      3506238                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_local_arbiter_activity      3538091                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.sw_global_arbiter_activity      3506238                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_local_arbiter_activity      1692247                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.vc_global_arbiter_activity      1691294                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.crossbar_activity      3506238                      
system.ruby.network.routers23.router_utilization     0.014657                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_reads      2203784                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.buffer_writes      2203784                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_local_arbiter_activity      2203784                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.sw_global_arbiter_activity      2203784                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_local_arbiter_activity       981548                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.vc_global_arbiter_activity       981548                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.crossbar_activity      2203784                      
system.ruby.network.routers31.router_utilization     0.009213                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_reads     14472381                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.buffer_writes     14472381                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15951982                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14472381                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6675054                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6611241                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.crossbar_activity     14472381                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.router_utilization     0.060500                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_reads     13657346                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.buffer_writes     13657346                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_local_arbiter_activity     14650193                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.sw_global_arbiter_activity     13657346                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6178144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6112966                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.crossbar_activity     13657346                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.router_utilization     0.057093                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_reads     14018650                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.buffer_writes     14018650                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15375392                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14018650                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6093420                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.vc_global_arbiter_activity      5993274                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.crossbar_activity     14018650                      
system.ruby.network.routers18.router_utilization     0.058603                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_reads     14124079                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.buffer_writes     14124079                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_local_arbiter_activity     15342637                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.sw_global_arbiter_activity     14124079                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_local_arbiter_activity      6260703                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.vc_global_arbiter_activity      6157391                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.crossbar_activity     14124079                      
system.ruby.network.routers21.router_utilization     0.059044                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |    20446117     27.23%     27.23% |    50111013     66.74%     93.97% |     4526726      6.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total     75083856                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |    20446117     27.23%     27.23% |    50111013     66.74%     93.97% |     4526726      6.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total     75083856                      
system.ruby.network.network_latency      |   744653364                       |  1348057753                       |   110791970                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.queueing_latency     |  1168376078                       |   236102759                       |     4527538                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.average_vnet_latency |   36.420283                       |   26.901427                       |   24.475078                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_vqueue_latency |   57.144155                       |    4.711594                       |    1.000179                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_network_latency    29.347229                      
system.ruby.network.average_queueing_latency    18.765770                      
system.ruby.network.average_latency         48.112999                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     0.005085                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.106645      6.81%      6.81% |    0.106539      6.80%     13.61% |    0.105269      6.72%     20.33% |    0.104856      6.70%     27.03% |    0.263287     16.81%     43.84% |    0.258480     16.50%     60.34% |    0.262896     16.79%     77.13% |    0.257959     16.47%     93.60% |    0.025047      1.60%     95.20% |    0.025051      1.60%     96.80% |    0.025054      1.60%     98.40% |    0.025051      1.60%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       1.566133                      
system.ruby.network.avg_router_utilization     0.039133                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization     |    0.023612                       |    0.000000                       |    0.007910                       |    0.008006                       |    0.007401                       |    0.007291                       |    0.007435                       |    0.007247                       |    0.007926                       |    0.007571                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.007179                       |    0.004691                       |    0.004645                       |    0.004696                       |    0.004645                       |    0.004645                       |    0.004642                       |    0.004628                       |    0.004646                       |    0.004690                       |    0.004705                       |    0.004672                       |    0.004638                       |    0.004667                       |    0.004628                       |    0.004634                       |    0.004670                       |    0.004662                       |    0.004649                       |    0.004644                       |    0.004642                       |    0.005028                       |    0.004861                       |    0.004635                       |    0.004651                       |    0.004660                       |    0.004632                       |    0.004655                       |    0.004670                       |    0.004680                       |    0.004771                       |    0.004946                       |    0.016548                       |    0.016328                       |    0.016303                       |    0.016311                       |    0.000101                       |           0                       |    0.002221                       |    0.005690                       |    0.000449                       |    0.000468                       |    0.000425                       |    0.000437                       |    0.000422                       |    0.000433                       |    0.000418                       |    0.000417                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004563                       |    0.000103                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004744                       |    0.004230                       |    0.011271                       |    0.004572                       |    0.000418                       |    0.007044                       |    0.014340                       |    0.007003                       |           0                       |    0.004586                       |    0.010622                       |           0                       |    0.016236                       |    0.020829                       |    0.008227                       |    0.011260                       |    0.004570                       |    0.000449                       |    0.017693                       |    0.016845                       |    0.014731                       |    0.011269                       |    0.004611                       |    0.000468                       |    0.019003                       |    0.015855                       |    0.010257                       |           0                       |    0.004577                       |    0.010406                       |           0                       |    0.018647                       |    0.014022                       |    0.009441                       |           0                       |    0.004581                       |           0                       |    0.009323                       |    0.007006                       |    0.006280                       |           0                       |    0.004577                       |           0                       |    0.004651                       |    0.004233                       |           0                       |    0.004862                       |           0                       |    0.001853                       |    0.005028                       |    0.004284                       |    0.010816                       |    0.004586                       |    0.000417                       |    0.010677                       |    0.005831                       |    0.014410                       |    0.004172                       |    0.010592                       |    0.004562                       |    0.000425                       |    0.007249                       |    0.014321                       |    0.020231                       |    0.005571                       |    0.025223                       |    0.006367                       |    0.002221                       |    0.012712                       |    0.020361                       |    0.027962                       |    0.011973                       |    0.000001                       |    0.004602                       |    0.005690                       |    0.012799                       |    0.018806                       |    0.019691                       |    0.011850                       |    0.010373                       |    0.004550                       |    0.000437                       |    0.010907                       |    0.015434                       |    0.010782                       |    0.006999                       |           0                       |    0.004553                       |           0                       |    0.003845                       |    0.009298                       |    0.005385                       |    0.006215                       |           0                       |    0.004576                       |           0                       |    0.001804                       |    0.004660                       |    0.004149                       |           0                       |    0.004699                       |           0                       |    0.000937                       |    0.004861                       |    0.004556                       |           0                       |    0.004608                       |           0                       |    0.011881                       |    0.005907                       |    0.008202                       |    0.004542                       |           0                       |    0.004681                       |    0.010395                       |           0                       |    0.007483                       |    0.015941                       |    0.015553                       |    0.004551                       |    0.010586                       |    0.004560                       |    0.000422                       |    0.020039                       |    0.017227                       |    0.012182                       |    0.004582                       |    0.010374                       |    0.004554                       |    0.000433                       |    0.009404                       |    0.018761                       |    0.012441                       |    0.004576                       |           0                       |    0.004798                       |    0.010401                       |           0                       |    0.008680                       |    0.018875                       |    0.011725                       |    0.004565                       |           0                       |    0.004570                       |           0                       |    0.002937                       |    0.009299                       |    0.005877                       |    0.004557                       |           0                       |    0.004558                       |           0                       |    0.000910                       |    0.004632                       |    0.004557                       |           0                       |    0.004556                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004635                       |           0                       |    0.004542                       |           0                       |    0.005461                       |           0                       |    0.007899                       |           0                       |    0.004551                       |           0                       |    0.006528                       |    0.004097                       |    0.009564                       |           0                       |    0.004582                       |           0                       |    0.010813                       |    0.007656                       |    0.006551                       |           0                       |    0.004576                       |           0                       |    0.005327                       |    0.010786                       |    0.005509                       |           0                       |    0.004565                       |           0                       |    0.009049                       |    0.010409                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004557                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.009299                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004557                       |           0                       |           0                       |    0.004655                      
system.ruby.network.link_utilization::total     1.566133                      
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups         8934435                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted      8934435                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       389920                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups      6418076                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits         5801878                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.399023                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS          700425                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        30136                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_hits                    0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_misses                  0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             15412652                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses              86334                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits            18906542                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            181210                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         15498986                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses        19087752                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.inst_accesses                0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.hits                  34319194                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.misses                  267544                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.accesses              34586738                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_hits             10454439                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_misses               9645                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.flush_tlb                    1                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.inst_accesses         10464084                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.hits                  10454439                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.misses                    9645                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.accesses              10464084                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                235666531                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              1                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            1                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles     34520629                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts               62984048                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches             8934435                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches      6502303                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             195590079                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles          907706                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.TlbCycles             142507                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       182496                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       301219                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3277                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       344595                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines          10453771                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        230901                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.ItlbSquashes            3955                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    231538655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      0.495572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.710079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        209538867     90.50%     90.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          1984302      0.86%     91.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          3032037      1.31%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3           861887      0.37%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3088398      1.33%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          1409185      0.61%     94.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          3869993      1.67%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7           541289      0.23%     96.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8          7212697      3.12%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    231538655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.037911                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.267259                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles         13354470                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     202474630                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles           6771238                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       8484457                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles         453853                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts      110255765                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles         453853                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles         15976910                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       123975551                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     13484229                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles          12281767                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      65366338                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts      108252999                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         69045                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        5770916                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LQFullEvents        1004811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.SQFullEvents       56522688                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands    119566586                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups     244203829                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    159983102                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups          137                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps     106074030                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         13492554                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts       363490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       367049                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          52700843                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads      8162984                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores     19318931                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1938928                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      1712114                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded          106311941                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       692419                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued         111206949                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       326736                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10014160                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     14627973                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       136997                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231538655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480295                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.197989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184820682     79.82%     79.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19562723      8.45%     88.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10530412      4.55%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5974948      2.58%     95.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3699721      1.60%     97.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5034026      2.17%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1083419      0.47%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       472762      0.20%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359962      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231538655                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          113374      9.71%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead         913166     78.17%     87.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        141595     12.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       417184      0.38%      0.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      76244075     68.56%     68.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        52399      0.05%     68.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         52160      0.05%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     15316288     13.77%     82.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     19124834     17.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total      111206949                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.471883                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             1168135                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.010504                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    455447262                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    117027096                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    102540894                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          162                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          234                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses           54                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      111957816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses              84                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      2118802                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1471628                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2666                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         8940                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       740767                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1831                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8908938                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles         453853                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles         6234563                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles     111554404                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    107004360                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       108441                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       8162984                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     19318931                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       682997                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         228460                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents     111072893                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         8940                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       131476                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       330031                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       461507                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts     110494932                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      15101218                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       445018                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                     0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs             34020064                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches          7492717                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores           18918846                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.468861                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent              102649473                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count             102540948                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers          53353206                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers          81394240                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.435110                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.655491                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10247837                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       555422                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403802                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229855087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.282107                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191867155     83.47%     83.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16112378      7.01%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11019361      4.79%     95.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2585437      1.12%     96.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2374685      1.03%     97.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       990212      0.43%     97.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1155257      0.50%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       622959      0.27%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3127643      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229855087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts     54581131                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps       96670610                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs               25269519                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads               6691355                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                6050                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches            6967763                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                 18                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts          96040240                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls       616196                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       178687      0.18%      0.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     71120356     73.57%     73.75% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        51116      0.05%     73.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        50923      0.05%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.86% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6691355      6.92%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite     18578164     19.22%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.op_class_0::total     96670610                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events       3127643                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads            333395506                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes           215531071                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   87308                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 4127876                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.quiesceCycles              3545957                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            54581131                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              96670610                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       4.317729                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 4.317729                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.231603                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.231603                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads        165939976                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes        75482209                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads                43                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes               70                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_reads          35359289                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.cc_regfile_writes         36885363                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        49283216                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         357540                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.work_item_type1::samples                     1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::mean               6993074000                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::gmean            6993074000.000004                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::stdev                     nan                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::0-5.36871e+08               0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+08-1.07374e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.07374e+09-1.61061e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.61061e+09-2.14748e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.14748e+09-2.68435e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::2.68435e+09-3.22123e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.22123e+09-3.7581e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::3.7581e+09-4.29497e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.29497e+09-4.83184e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::4.83184e+09-5.36871e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.36871e+09-5.90558e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::5.90558e+09-6.44245e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.44245e+09-6.97932e+09            0      0.00%      0.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::6.97932e+09-7.51619e+09            1    100.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::7.51619e+09-8.05306e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.05306e+09-8.58993e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::8.58993e+09-9.12681e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.12681e+09-9.66368e+09            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::9.66368e+09-1.02005e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::1.02005e+10-1.07374e+10            0      0.00%    100.00% # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.work_item_type1::total                       1                       # Run time stat forwork_item_type1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          256                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         2559                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples      12750775                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean        70.822626                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::gmean       39.110114                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev      114.149959                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |    11877385     93.15%     93.15% |      611992      4.80%     97.95% |      247808      1.94%     99.89% |       13539      0.11%    100.00% |          44      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total        12750775                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples      14003474                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean        29.592856                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::gmean       26.381207                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       16.185554                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |    13965750     99.73%     99.73% |       33090      0.24%     99.97% |        3864      0.03%     99.99% |         614      0.00%    100.00% |         155      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total        14003474                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples        293460                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean        26.032693                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::gmean       24.098505                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        9.754212                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       37396     12.74%     12.74% |      167344     57.02%     69.77% |       82437     28.09%     97.86% |        6162      2.10%     99.96% |         117      0.04%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total          293460                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples          9193556                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean          123.986366                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean          11.109144                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev         299.851402                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |     8955109     97.41%     97.41% |      214189      2.33%     99.74% |       21041      0.23%     99.97% |        2727      0.03%     99.99% |         422      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total            9193556                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples      6482248                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000935                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000804                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.031087                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6476296     99.91%     99.91% |        5846      0.09%    100.00% |         106      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total        6482248                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples      2711308                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     413.240695                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    253.936578                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    431.518152                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |     2472861     91.21%     91.21% |      214189      7.90%     99.11% |       21041      0.78%     99.88% |        2727      0.10%     99.98% |         422      0.02%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total       2711308                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket         10239                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         19559258                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean           40.800841                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           4.426008                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev         174.896584                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    19407711     99.23%     99.23% |      136277      0.70%     99.92% |       13250      0.07%     99.99% |        1672      0.01%    100.00% |         278      0.00%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           19559258                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     17936733                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        3.000143                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       3.000123                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.011955                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    17934175     99.99%     99.99% |        2556      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       17936733                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size         1024                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket        10239                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples      1622525                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     458.681018                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    325.743334                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    422.283026                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |     1470978     90.66%     90.66% |      136277      8.40%     99.06% |       13250      0.82%     99.88% |        1672      0.10%     99.98% |         278      0.02%    100.00% |          56      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total       1622525                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples     10447342                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        4.042644                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       3.120106                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      12.339260                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |    10446875    100.00%    100.00% |         393      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |          15      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total       10447342                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples     10320926                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.000311                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    10320925    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total     10320926                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples       126416                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean    89.166743                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean    76.916106                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    72.443836                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |      125949     99.63%     99.63% |         393      0.31%     99.94% |          52      0.04%     99.98% |          15      0.01%     99.99% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total       126416                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples       278498                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     10.972955                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.867183                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    36.539689                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |      277283     99.56%     99.56% |        1101      0.40%     99.96% |         105      0.04%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total       278498                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples       257677                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean     3.000392                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000338                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.019794                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      257576     99.96%     99.96% |         101      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total       257677                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples        20821                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   109.639979                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    89.436317                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    85.657383                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |       19606     94.16%     94.16% |        1101      5.29%     99.45% |         105      0.50%     99.96% |           7      0.03%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total        20821                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean     7.022901                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     3.514973                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    22.015516                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |         622     94.96%     94.96% |          22      3.36%     98.32% |           5      0.76%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           0      0.00%     99.08% |           4      0.61%     99.69% |           0      0.00%     99.69% |           1      0.15%     99.85% |           1      0.15%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          622                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean    82.848485                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean    69.616530                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    60.514007                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          22     66.67%     66.67% |           5     15.15%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           0      0.00%     81.82% |           4     12.12%     93.94% |           0      0.00%     93.94% |           1      3.03%     96.97% |           1      3.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           33                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples          655                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            3                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean     3.000000                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         655    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total          655                      
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walks       312646                       # Number of host pagetable walks called by accelerators
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.host_pagetable_walk_time     10188562                       # wait time of host pagetable walks
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_hits            0                       # Number of BCC hits in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.networkinterrupts_0.bcc_access       218554                       # Number of BCC access in BCC cache in secure processor chip
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_hits                   111863                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_hits                   191345                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_hits                   112214                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_hits                   192129                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_hits                    93899                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_hits                   191273                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_hits                    88618                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_hits                   191686                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_hits                    93791                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_hits                   191093                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_hits                   88343                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_hits                  192220                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_hits                  110434                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_hits                  190805                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_hits                   98968                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_hits                  191512                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_misses                  50601                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_misses                  97455                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_misses                  50250                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_misses                  96671                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_misses                  41493                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_misses                  97527                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_misses                  37750                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_misses                  97114                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_misses                  41601                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_misses                  97707                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_misses                 38025                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_misses                 96580                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_misses                 52030                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_misses                 97995                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_misses                 45448                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_misses                 97288                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshrhits                    67402                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshrhits                    99214                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshrhits                    66394                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshrhits                    98417                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshrhits                    55346                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshrhits                    99125                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshrhits                    50183                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshrhits                    98619                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshrhits                    55566                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshrhits                    99291                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshrhits                   50471                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshrhits                   98620                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshrhits                   69377                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshrhits                   99957                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshrhits                   60488                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshrhits                   99099                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_accesses               162464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_accesses               162464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_accesses               135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_accesses               126368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_accesses               135392                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_accesses               288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_accesses              126368                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_accesses              162464                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_accesses              144416                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_accesses              288800                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_flush                       0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_flush                      0                      
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlbCycles                 3535844                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlbCycles                 6867220                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlbCycles                 3414965                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlbCycles                 6775947                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlbCycles                 3171951                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlbCycles                 6897653                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlbCycles                 2942961                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlbCycles                 6787396                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlbCycles                 3145831                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlbCycles                 6822752                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlbCycles                2916472                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlbCycles                6708061                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlbCycles                3661590                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlbCycles                7064588                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlbCycles                3380291                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlbCycles             4301948740                       # Number of cycles LCAcc has spent waiting for tlb
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_reads                   93344                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_reads                   93344                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_reads                   77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_reads                   72608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_reads                   77792                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_reads                  227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_reads                  72608                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_reads                  93344                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_reads                  82976                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_reads                 227360                       # Number of read requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_writes                  69120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_writes                  69120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_writes                  57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_writes                  53760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_writes                  57600                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_writes                  61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_writes                 53760                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_writes                 69120                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_writes                 61440                       # Number of write requests from DMA to the host memory
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readhits                64524                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readhits               150821                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readhits                64761                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readhits               151217                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readhits                54140                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readhits               150786                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readhits                50999                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readhits               150951                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readhits                54007                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readhits               150585                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readhits               50754                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readhits              151187                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readhits               63750                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readhits              150442                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readhits               57195                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readhits              150840                       # Number of private TLB hits for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_readmisses              28820                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_readmisses              76539                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_readmisses              28583                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_readmisses              76143                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_readmisses              23652                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_readmisses              76574                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_readmisses              21609                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_readmisses              76409                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_readmisses              23785                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_readmisses              76775                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_readmisses             21854                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_readmisses             76173                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_readmisses             29594                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_readmisses             76918                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_readmisses             25781                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_readmisses             76520                       # Number of private TLB misses for the read requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writehits               47339                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writehits               40524                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writehits               47453                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writehits               40912                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writehits               39759                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writehits               40487                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writehits               37619                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writehits               40735                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writehits               39784                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writehits               40508                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writehits              37589                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writehits              41033                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writehits              46684                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writehits              40363                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writehits              41773                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writehits              40672                       # Number of private TLB hits for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.tlb_writemisses             21781                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_1.tlb_writemisses             20916                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_2.tlb_writemisses             21667                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_3.tlb_writemisses             20528                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_4.tlb_writemisses             17841                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_5.tlb_writemisses             20953                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_6.tlb_writemisses             16141                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_7.tlb_writemisses             20705                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_8.tlb_writemisses             17816                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_9.tlb_writemisses             20932                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_10.tlb_writemisses            16171                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_11.tlb_writemisses            20407                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_12.tlb_writemisses            22436                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_13.tlb_writemisses            21077                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_14.tlb_writemisses            19667                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_15.tlb_writemisses            20768                       # Number of private TLB misses for the write requests
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_jobs                       18                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_jobs                       18                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_jobs                       14                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_jobs                       15                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_jobs                       16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_jobs                      14                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_jobs                      18                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_jobs                      16                       # Number of jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.job_cycles                5396330                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_1.job_cycles                8487436                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_2.job_cycles                5344985                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_3.job_cycles                8473244                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_4.job_cycles                5140651                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_5.job_cycles                8502670                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_6.job_cycles                5157935                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_7.job_cycles                8457623                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_8.job_cycles                5002016                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_9.job_cycles                8449845                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_10.job_cycles               5011962                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_11.job_cycles               8466665                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_12.job_cycles               5160157                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_13.job_cycles               8517147                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_14.job_cycles               5108438                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_15.job_cycles               8493007                       # cycles LCAcc has spent doing jobs
system.ruby.lcacc_0.num_tasks                     144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_1.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_2.num_tasks                     144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_3.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_4.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_5.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_6.num_tasks                     112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_7.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_8.num_tasks                     120                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_9.num_tasks                     384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_10.num_tasks                    112                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_11.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_12.num_tasks                    144                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_13.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_14.num_tasks                    128                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_15.num_tasks                    384                       # Number of tasks
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_cycles               4415917                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_cycles               7748347                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_cycles               4443246                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_cycles               7761497                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_cycles               4455420                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_cycles               7763514                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_cycles               4547812                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_cycles               7751452                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_cycles               4293717                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_cycles               7720149                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_cycles              4410346                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_cycles              7725460                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_cycles              4269245                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_cycles              7693886                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_cycles              4306039                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_cycles              7692510                       # sum up the cycles of all read actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_cycles            2474356                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_cycles            2481759                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_cycles            2016623                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_cycles            1869983                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_cycles            2017852                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_cycles            3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_cycles           1874777                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_cycles           3932544                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_cycles           2523986                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_cycles           3953923                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_cycles           2172184                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_cycles           3938941                       # sum up the cycles of all compute actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_cycles              3672357                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_cycles              2233718                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_cycles              3477050                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_cycles              2236537                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_cycles              2879768                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_cycles              2240501                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_cycles              2899758                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_cycles              2200804                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_cycles              3231428                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_cycles              2234843                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_cycles             2693870                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_cycles             2230447                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_cycles             3347409                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_cycles             2324344                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_cycles             3372005                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_cycles             2303385                       # sum up the cycles of all write actions
system.ruby.lcacc_0.read_action_time          4415917                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.read_action_time          7748347                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.read_action_time          4443246                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.read_action_time          7761497                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.read_action_time          4455420                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.read_action_time          7763514                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.read_action_time          4547812                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.read_action_time          7751452                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.read_action_time          4293717                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.read_action_time          7720149                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.read_action_time         4410346                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.read_action_time         7725460                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.read_action_time         4269245                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.read_action_time         7693886                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.read_action_time         4306039                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.read_action_time         7692510                       # cycles doing at least one read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.compute_action_time       2359599                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.compute_action_time       2359602                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.compute_action_time       1966374                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.compute_action_time       1835287                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.compute_action_time       1966359                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.compute_action_time       3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.compute_action_time      1835296                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.compute_action_time      3932544                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.compute_action_time      2359584                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.compute_action_time      3932532                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.compute_action_time      2097446                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.compute_action_time      3932535                       # cycles doing at least one compute action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.write_action_time         2908336                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.write_action_time         2233718                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.write_action_time         2838445                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.write_action_time         2236537                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.write_action_time         2576215                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.write_action_time         2240501                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.write_action_time         2552668                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.write_action_time         2200804                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.write_action_time         2571782                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.write_action_time         2234843                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.write_action_time        2459855                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.write_action_time        2230447                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.write_action_time        2768391                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.write_action_time        2324344                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.write_action_time        2759795                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.write_action_time        2303385                       # cycles doing at least one write action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.rw_action_time            5273678                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_1.rw_action_time            7995868                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_2.rw_action_time            5227480                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_3.rw_action_time            7981676                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_4.rw_action_time            4981873                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_5.rw_action_time            8011102                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_6.rw_action_time            4994542                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_7.rw_action_time            7966055                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_8.rw_action_time            4852384                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_9.rw_action_time            7958277                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_10.rw_action_time           4842468                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_11.rw_action_time           7975097                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_12.rw_action_time           4986420                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_13.rw_action_time           8055069                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_14.rw_action_time           4988118                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_15.rw_action_time           8043170                       # cycles doing at least one write or read action
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_busy_cycles                 0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_busy_cycles                0                       # DMAEngine busy cycles (inflight > 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_idle_cycles         225273807                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_idle_cycles         227890449                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_idle_cycles         225273803                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_idle_cycles         227890445                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_idle_cycles         225273809                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_idle_cycles         227890451                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_idle_cycles         225273805                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_idle_cycles         227890447                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_idle_cycles         225273814                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_idle_cycles         227890456                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_idle_cycles        225273810                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_idle_cycles        227890452                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_idle_cycles        225273826                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_idle_cycles        227890468                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_idle_cycles        225273822                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_idle_cycles        227890464                       # DMAEngine idle cycles (inflight == 0)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.dma_stall_cycles          9665960                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.dma_stall_cycles         11257008                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.dma_stall_cycles          9595027                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.dma_stall_cycles         11276788                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.dma_stall_cycles          9444997                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.dma_stall_cycles         11256160                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.dma_stall_cycles          9459061                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.dma_stall_cycles         11261379                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.dma_stall_cycles          9422820                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.dma_stall_cycles         11249098                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.dma_stall_cycles         9419977                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.dma_stall_cycles        11207967                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.dma_stall_cycles         9420439                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.dma_stall_cycles        11230364                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.dma_stall_cycles         9524360                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.dma_stall_cycles        11291251                       # DMAEngine stalled cycles (due to the issue width)
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_0             14357                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_0             26136                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_0             14489                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_0             26089                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_0             12043                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_0             26171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_0             11313                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_0             26181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_0             12148                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_0             26356                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_0            11417                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_0            26171                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_0            14476                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_0            26067                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_0            12993                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_0            26239                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 0
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_1             16181                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_1             12629                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_1             16820                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_1             13077                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_1             13863                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_1             12718                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_1             13873                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_1             13049                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_1             13671                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_1             12568                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_1            13726                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_1            12822                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_1            14861                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_1            12334                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_1            13740                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_1            12622                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 1
system.ruby.lcacc_0.onTLbMissCall_2             14950                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_1.onTLbMissCall_2             23139                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_2.onTLbMissCall_2             16535                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_3.onTLbMissCall_2             24902                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_4.onTLbMissCall_2             13787                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_5.onTLbMissCall_2             23059                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_6.onTLbMissCall_2             15734                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_7.onTLbMissCall_2             24351                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_8.onTLbMissCall_2             13537                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_9.onTLbMissCall_2             22644                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_10.onTLbMissCall_2            15118                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_11.onTLbMissCall_2            24368                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_12.onTLbMissCall_2            11390                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_13.onTLbMissCall_2            20789                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_14.onTLbMissCall_2            12325                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_15.onTLbMissCall_2            21786                       # Number of onTLBMiss call with MAC_code == 2
system.ruby.lcacc_0.mshr_stall_cycles         1559855                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_1.mshr_stall_cycles         5481388                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_2.mshr_stall_cycles         1493339                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_3.mshr_stall_cycles         5387790                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_4.mshr_stall_cycles         1330571                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_5.mshr_stall_cycles         5516817                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_6.mshr_stall_cycles         1133913                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_7.mshr_stall_cycles         5389352                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_8.mshr_stall_cycles         1406363                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_9.mshr_stall_cycles         5476687                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_10.mshr_stall_cycles        1140226                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_11.mshr_stall_cycles        5342142                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_12.mshr_stall_cycles        1963472                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_13.mshr_stall_cycles        5715724                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_14.mshr_stall_cycles        1596074                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.lcacc_15.mshr_stall_cycles        5620840                       # MSHR-stalled cycles (due to the MSHR full)
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |      660004     25.27%     25.27% |      651308     24.93%     50.20% |      650325     24.89%     75.09% |      650647     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total      2612284                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |      305726     25.54%     25.54% |      297214     24.83%     50.36% |      297013     24.81%     75.17% |      297243     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total      1197196                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |      660029     25.27%     25.27% |      651308     24.93%     50.20% |      650325     24.89%     75.09% |      650646     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total      2612308                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |      311584     25.53%     25.53% |      303085     24.83%     50.36% |      302884     24.81%     75.17% |      303113     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total      1220666                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           80                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        6048     25.00%     25.00% |        6048     25.00%     50.00% |        6048     25.00%     75.00% |        6048     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total        24192                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |      346086     25.04%     25.04% |      345904     25.02%     50.06% |      345121     24.97%     75.03% |      345212     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total      1382323                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |      660004     25.27%     25.27% |      651308     24.93%     50.20% |      650325     24.89%     75.09% |      650647     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total      2612284                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          25    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           25                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        5858     24.96%     24.96% |        5871     25.01%     49.97% |        5871     25.01%     74.99% |        5871     25.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total        23471                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |      305481     25.53%     25.53% |      297037     24.83%     50.36% |      296836     24.81%     75.17% |      297066     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total      1196420                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |      346086     25.04%     25.04% |      345904     25.02%     50.06% |      345121     24.97%     75.03% |      345212     24.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total      1382323                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |      660004     25.27%     25.27% |      651308     24.93%     50.20% |      650325     24.89%     75.09% |      650646     24.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total      2612283                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |      305481     25.53%     25.53% |      297037     24.83%     50.36% |      296836     24.81%     75.17% |      297065     24.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total      1196419                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          55    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           55                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         190     26.35%     26.35% |         177     24.55%     50.90% |         177     24.55%     75.45% |         177     24.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          721                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total           24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total        24192                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          80    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           80                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |       24192    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total        24192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     6715566     73.01%     73.01% |          34      0.00%     73.01% |      320685      3.49%     76.50% |      320669      3.49%     79.98% |      305127      3.32%     83.30% |      299926      3.26%     86.56% |      305110      3.32%     89.88% |      299935      3.26%     93.14% |      320718      3.49%     96.63% |      310318      3.37%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      9198088                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    10447384    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     10447384                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    18859558     95.05%     95.05% |           0      0.00%     95.05% |      130590      0.66%     95.70% |      130601      0.66%     96.36% |      119033      0.60%     96.96% |      115185      0.58%     97.54% |      119044      0.60%     98.14% |      115190      0.58%     98.72% |      130602      0.66%     99.38% |      122890      0.62%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     19842693                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |       26607     10.79%     10.79% |          34      0.01%     10.80% |       27680     11.22%     22.03% |       27112     10.99%     33.02% |       30240     12.26%     45.28% |       25797     10.46%     55.74% |       29008     11.76%     67.50% |       27102     10.99%     78.49% |       25956     10.52%     89.02% |       27091     10.98%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total       246627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |     1026774     20.32%     20.32% |           0      0.00%     20.32% |      527484     10.44%     30.76% |      528251     10.45%     41.22% |      492602      9.75%     50.97% |      477782      9.46%     60.42% |      486553      9.63%     70.05% |      481563      9.53%     79.58% |      530462     10.50%     90.08% |      501161      9.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      5052632                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     25.35%     25.35% |           3      4.23%     29.58% |          16     22.54%     52.11% |          16     22.54%     74.65% |          13     18.31%     92.96% |           0      0.00%     92.96% |           5      7.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total           71                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |           5      0.01%      0.01% |           0      0.00%      0.01% |        5056     10.81%     10.82% |        7504     16.05%     26.87% |        5514     11.79%     38.66% |        7008     14.99%     53.65% |        6578     14.07%     67.72% |        5357     11.46%     79.17% |        4822     10.31%     89.48% |        4918     10.52%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total        46762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      231965      9.12%      9.12% |          29      0.00%      9.12% |      297822     11.71%     20.83% |      298451     11.74%     32.57% |      279920     11.01%     43.58% |      277489     10.91%     54.49% |      282715     11.12%     65.60% |      281421     11.07%     76.67% |      302044     11.88%     88.55% |      291269     11.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total      2543125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        7001     14.97%     14.98% |        4813     10.29%     25.27% |        7358     15.73%     41.01% |        5524     11.81%     52.82% |        5167     11.05%     63.87% |        5693     12.17%     76.05% |        5453     11.66%     87.71% |        5748     12.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total        46762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      792231     41.89%     41.89% |           0      0.00%     41.89% |      145074      7.67%     49.56% |      146721      7.76%     57.32% |      136076      7.20%     64.51% |      131287      6.94%     71.46% |      134999      7.14%     78.60% |      127198      6.73%     85.32% |      142600      7.54%     92.86% |      135012      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total      1891198                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      886070     21.95%     21.95% |           0      0.00%     21.95% |      411199     10.19%     32.14% |      411014     10.18%     42.32% |      381163      9.44%     51.77% |      377102      9.34%     61.11% |      382358      9.47%     70.58% |      377515      9.35%     79.93% |      414791     10.28%     90.21% |      395193      9.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total      4036405                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      225069      8.33%      8.33% |          17      0.00%      8.33% |      320143     11.84%     20.17% |      320122     11.84%     32.01% |      304636     11.27%     43.28% |      299471     11.08%     54.36% |      304608     11.27%     65.63% |      299395     11.08%     76.70% |      320087     11.84%     88.54% |      309771     11.46%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      2703319                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      122866    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       122866                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      664976     40.47%     40.47% |           0      0.00%     40.47% |      129679      7.89%     48.36% |      129823      7.90%     56.26% |      118683      7.22%     63.49% |      114806      6.99%     70.47% |      118213      7.19%     77.67% |      114866      6.99%     84.66% |      129923      7.91%     92.57% |      122149      7.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total      1643118                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |       11158      8.54%      8.54% |           0      0.00%      8.54% |       15586     11.93%     20.47% |       16482     12.61%     33.08% |       16984     13.00%     46.07% |       16638     12.73%     58.81% |       15744     12.05%     70.85% |       12756      9.76%     80.62% |       12477      9.55%     90.16% |       12854      9.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total       130679                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |        7588     94.98%     94.98% |          17      0.21%     95.19% |          65      0.81%     96.01% |          38      0.48%     96.48% |          31      0.39%     96.87% |          11      0.14%     97.01% |          49      0.61%     97.62% |          38      0.48%     98.10% |          67      0.84%     98.94% |          85      1.06%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total         7989                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |        3551    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total         3551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         147     60.49%     60.49% |           0      0.00%     60.49% |          10      4.12%     64.61% |           2      0.82%     65.43% |           4      1.65%     67.08% |          12      4.94%     72.02% |          11      4.53%     76.54% |          13      5.35%     81.89% |          20      8.23%     90.12% |          24      9.88%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          243                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |        3347      3.27%      3.27% |           0      0.00%      3.27% |       11901     11.63%     14.90% |       10459     10.22%     25.12% |       13066     12.77%     37.89% |        9031      8.82%     46.71% |       13092     12.79%     59.50% |       14175     13.85%     73.36% |       13253     12.95%     86.31% |       14015     13.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total       102339                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |       24988     97.79%     97.79% |           0      0.00%     97.79% |          49      0.19%     97.98% |          79      0.31%     98.29% |          80      0.31%     98.60% |          60      0.23%     98.84% |          60      0.23%     99.07% |          72      0.28%     99.35% |          91      0.36%     99.71% |          74      0.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total        25553                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    10320926    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     10320926                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |        4576     31.55%     31.55% |           5      0.03%     31.58% |        1064      7.34%     38.92% |        1071      7.38%     46.30% |        1478     10.19%     56.49% |        1169      8.06%     64.55% |        1494     10.30%     74.86% |        1194      8.23%     83.09% |        1303      8.98%     92.07% |        1150      7.93%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total        14504                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      122470     37.63%     37.63% |           0      0.00%     37.63% |       26210      8.05%     45.69% |       27960      8.59%     54.28% |       28578      8.78%     63.06% |       27632      8.49%     71.55% |       26859      8.25%     79.81% |       22059      6.78%     86.59% |       21454      6.59%     93.18% |       22200      6.82%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       325422                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3169395     99.91%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |         383      0.01%     99.92% |         401      0.01%     99.93% |         341      0.01%     99.94% |         362      0.01%     99.95% |         371      0.01%     99.96% |         399      0.01%     99.98% |         395      0.01%     99.99% |         342      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      3172389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       38440    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        38440                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |       10462     16.64%     16.64% |          29      0.05%     16.68% |        6294     10.01%     26.69% |        6063      9.64%     36.33% |        6852     10.90%     47.23% |        5405      8.59%     55.82% |        6489     10.32%     66.14% |        7307     11.62%     77.76% |        6843     10.88%     88.64% |        7144     11.36%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total        62888                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      182915      7.64%      7.64% |           0      0.00%      7.64% |      286355     11.96%     19.60% |      284775     11.90%     31.50% |      267467     11.17%     42.67% |      264968     11.07%     53.74% |      269531     11.26%     65.00% |      268574     11.22%     76.22% |      290272     12.13%     88.34% |      279072     11.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total      2393929                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4910     10.75%     10.75% |        7349     16.09%     26.83% |        5361     11.73%     38.57% |        6838     14.97%     53.53% |        6423     14.06%     67.59% |        5276     11.55%     79.14% |        4708     10.30%     89.44% |        4823     10.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total        45688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     3284306    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3284306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    18152605     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |         851      0.00%     99.98% |         717      0.00%     99.98% |         331      0.00%     99.98% |         360      0.00%     99.99% |         799      0.00%     99.99% |         300      0.00%     99.99% |         598      0.00%    100.00% |         686      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     18157247                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         411      1.08%      1.08% |           0      0.00%      1.08% |        4667     12.31%     13.40% |        3411      9.00%     22.40% |        4821     12.72%     35.12% |        2505      6.61%     41.73% |        5218     13.77%     55.50% |        5745     15.16%     70.65% |        5247     13.84%     84.50% |        5875     15.50%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total        37900                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      703155     42.81%     42.81% |           0      0.00%     42.81% |      124844      7.60%     50.41% |      126239      7.69%     58.10% |      113696      6.92%     65.02% |      112134      6.83%     71.85% |      112827      6.87%     78.72% |      108941      6.63%     85.35% |      124519      7.58%     92.93% |      116121      7.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total      1642476                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          18     25.35%     25.35% |           3      4.23%     29.58% |          16     22.54%     52.11% |          16     22.54%     74.65% |          13     18.31%     92.96% |           0      0.00%     92.96% |           5      7.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total           71                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           5    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     12.00%     12.00% |           6     24.00%     36.00% |           4     16.00%     52.00% |           2      8.00%     60.00% |           3     12.00%     72.00% |           2      8.00%     80.00% |           5     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Inv::total           25                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |       12257      2.86%      2.86% |           0      0.00%      2.86% |       55365     12.92%     15.79% |       55824     13.03%     28.82% |       50331     11.75%     40.57% |       47312     11.04%     51.61% |       48245     11.26%     62.88% |       51110     11.93%     74.81% |       56788     13.26%     88.06% |       51128     11.94%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total       428360                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      231965      9.12%      9.12% |          29      0.00%      9.12% |      297819     11.71%     20.83% |      298446     11.74%     32.57% |      279918     11.01%     43.58% |      277489     10.91%     54.49% |      282713     11.12%     65.60% |      281419     11.07%     76.67% |      302039     11.88%     88.55% |      291269     11.45%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total      2543106                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           5      0.01%      0.01% |        7001     14.97%     14.98% |        4813     10.29%     25.27% |        7358     15.73%     41.01% |        5524     11.81%     52.82% |        5167     11.05%     63.87% |        5693     12.17%     76.05% |        5453     11.66%     87.71% |        5748     12.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total        46762                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      127108     51.29%     51.29% |           0      0.00%     51.29% |       15385      6.21%     57.50% |       16895      6.82%     64.31% |       17387      7.02%     71.33% |       16467      6.64%     77.97% |       16774      6.77%     84.74% |       12319      4.97%     89.71% |       12657      5.11%     94.82% |       12839      5.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       247831                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |        2630      1.64%      1.64% |           0      0.00%      1.64% |       22808     14.25%     15.89% |       22990     14.36%     30.25% |       19463     12.16%     42.41% |       16703     10.43%     52.84% |       15996      9.99%     62.83% |       16704     10.43%     73.27% |       24175     15.10%     88.37% |       18625     11.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total       160094                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      665123     40.47%     40.47% |           0      0.00%     40.47% |      129689      7.89%     48.37% |      129825      7.90%     56.26% |      118687      7.22%     63.49% |      114818      6.99%     70.47% |      118224      7.19%     77.67% |      114879      6.99%     84.66% |      129943      7.91%     92.57% |      122173      7.43%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total      1643361                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      8.33%      8.33% |           4     33.33%     41.67% |           1      8.33%     50.00% |           2     16.67%     66.67% |           3     25.00%     91.67% |           0      0.00%     91.67% |           1      8.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.L1_Replacement::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3     15.79%     15.79% |           5     26.32%     42.11% |           2     10.53%     52.63% |           0      0.00%     52.63% |           2     10.53%     63.16% |           2     10.53%     73.68% |           5     26.32%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_Exclusive::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           2     33.33%     50.00% |           2     33.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS_I.Data_all_Acks::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |        4220     93.14%     93.14% |           0      0.00%     93.14% |          44      0.97%     94.11% |          29      0.64%     94.75% |          39      0.86%     95.61% |          22      0.49%     96.09% |          22      0.49%     96.58% |          31      0.68%     97.26% |          78      1.72%     98.98% |          46      1.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total         4531                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |          41    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |        3372     92.97%     92.97% |           0      0.00%     92.97% |          50      1.38%     94.35% |          59      1.63%     95.97% |          15      0.41%     96.39% |           7      0.19%     96.58% |          21      0.58%     97.16% |          11      0.30%     97.46% |          61      1.68%     99.15% |          31      0.85%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total         3627                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          66     10.46%     10.46% |          79     12.52%     22.98% |         101     16.01%     38.99% |          78     12.36%     51.35% |          60      9.51%     60.86% |          98     15.53%     76.39% |          81     12.84%     89.22% |          68     10.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Inv::total          631                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         146     13.66%     13.66% |         155     14.50%     28.16% |         153     14.31%     42.47% |         170     15.90%     58.37% |         155     14.50%     72.87% |          81      7.58%     80.45% |         114     10.66%     91.11% |          95      8.89%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total         1069                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      886070     21.96%     21.96% |           0      0.00%     21.96% |      410987     10.19%     32.15% |      410780     10.18%     42.33% |      380909      9.44%     51.77% |      376854      9.34%     61.11% |      382143      9.47%     70.58% |      377336      9.35%     79.93% |      414596     10.28%     90.21% |      395030      9.79%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total      4034705                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         212     12.47%     12.47% |         234     13.76%     26.24% |         254     14.94%     41.18% |         248     14.59%     55.76% |         215     12.65%     68.41% |         179     10.53%     78.94% |         195     11.47%     90.41% |         163      9.59%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total         1700                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        3918      3.09%      3.09% |        3795      3.00%      6.09% |        3520      2.78%      8.87% |        3535      2.79%     11.66% |        3620      2.86%     14.52% |        4087      3.23%     17.75% |        3808      3.01%     20.76% |        3374      2.66%     23.42% |        3685      2.91%     26.33% |        5218      4.12%     30.45% |        4047      3.20%     33.65% |        3862      3.05%     36.70% |        3750      2.96%     39.66% |        4412      3.48%     43.15% |        3938      3.11%     46.26% |        3827      3.02%     49.28% |        4248      3.36%     52.63% |        4223      3.34%     55.97% |        3697      2.92%     58.89% |        3346      2.64%     61.53% |        3124      2.47%     64.00% |        3777      2.98%     66.98% |        3570      2.82%     69.80% |        3421      2.70%     72.50% |        3682      2.91%     75.41% |        3829      3.02%     78.44% |        3308      2.61%     81.05% |        4753      3.75%     84.80% |        4038      3.19%     87.99% |        5409      4.27%     92.26% |        5237      4.14%     96.40% |        4558      3.60%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       126616                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      158828      5.85%      5.85% |       82739      3.05%      8.90% |       81443      3.00%     11.90% |       82586      3.04%     14.94% |       81793      3.01%     17.95% |       81633      3.01%     20.96% |       81058      2.99%     23.94% |       81060      2.99%     26.93% |       81284      2.99%     29.92% |       81617      3.01%     32.93% |       83427      3.07%     36.00% |       82802      3.05%     39.05% |       81836      3.01%     42.07% |       81710      3.01%     45.08% |       81014      2.98%     48.06% |       81120      2.99%     51.05% |       82017      3.02%     54.07% |       81536      3.00%     57.07% |       81853      3.01%     60.09% |       82091      3.02%     63.11% |       81970      3.02%     66.13% |       90448      3.33%     69.46% |       88783      3.27%     72.73% |       81457      3.00%     75.73% |       81462      3.00%     78.73% |       82041      3.02%     81.75% |       81355      3.00%     84.75% |       81201      2.99%     87.74% |       81868      3.02%     90.75% |       81164      2.99%     93.74% |       81998      3.02%     96.76% |       87862      3.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total      2715056                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       64775      3.94%      3.94% |       50626      3.08%      7.02% |       50575      3.08%     10.10% |       51610      3.14%     13.23% |       50365      3.06%     16.30% |       50149      3.05%     19.35% |       50402      3.07%     22.41% |       49926      3.04%     25.45% |       50110      3.05%     28.50% |       50455      3.07%     31.57% |       50535      3.07%     34.64% |       50090      3.05%     37.69% |       49944      3.04%     40.73% |       50508      3.07%     43.80% |       49830      3.03%     46.83% |       49914      3.04%     49.86% |       50019      3.04%     52.91% |       50479      3.07%     55.98% |       50434      3.07%     59.04% |       50427      3.07%     62.11% |       50730      3.09%     65.20% |       56960      3.46%     68.66% |       52028      3.16%     71.83% |       50261      3.06%     74.88% |       50677      3.08%     77.97% |       50296      3.06%     81.03% |       50608      3.08%     84.10% |       50619      3.08%     87.18% |       51164      3.11%     90.29% |       50939      3.10%     93.39% |       53636      3.26%     96.65% |       54997      3.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total      1644088                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      213650      5.29%      5.29% |      123732      3.06%      8.35% |      122507      3.03%     11.38% |      124804      3.09%     14.47% |      122729      3.04%     17.51% |      122083      3.02%     20.53% |      122375      3.03%     23.56% |      122083      3.02%     26.59% |      122398      3.03%     29.62% |      122985      3.04%     32.66% |      124439      3.08%     35.74% |      123173      3.05%     38.79% |      121760      3.01%     41.80% |      122142      3.02%     44.83% |      120868      2.99%     47.82% |      121079      3.00%     50.82% |      122124      3.02%     53.84% |      121842      3.02%     56.86% |      122024      3.02%     59.88% |      122021      3.02%     62.90% |      121975      3.02%     65.92% |      136213      3.37%     69.29% |      129823      3.21%     72.50% |      120911      2.99%     75.49% |      121357      3.00%     78.50% |      121615      3.01%     81.51% |      121558      3.01%     84.52% |      121594      3.01%     87.53% |      123009      3.05%     90.57% |      122049      3.02%     93.59% |      125681      3.11%     96.71% |      133096      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total      4039699                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old |          32      2.99%      2.99% |          26      2.43%      5.43% |          30      2.81%      8.23% |          42      3.93%     12.16% |          32      2.99%     15.15% |          36      3.37%     18.52% |          46      4.30%     22.83% |          38      3.55%     26.38% |          27      2.53%     28.91% |          23      2.15%     31.06% |          38      3.55%     34.61% |          29      2.71%     37.32% |          27      2.53%     39.85% |          31      2.90%     42.75% |          23      2.15%     44.90% |          26      2.43%     47.33% |          17      1.59%     48.92% |          55      5.14%     54.07% |          45      4.21%     58.28% |          54      5.05%     63.33% |          25      2.34%     65.67% |          34      3.18%     68.85% |          35      3.27%     72.12% |          42      3.93%     76.05% |          32      2.99%     79.05% |          41      3.84%     82.88% |          33      3.09%     85.97% |          38      3.55%     89.52% |          28      2.62%     92.14% |          31      2.90%     95.04% |          28      2.62%     97.66% |          25      2.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX_old::total         1069                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |       45297      3.85%      3.85% |       36643      3.12%      6.97% |       36497      3.10%     10.07% |       36408      3.10%     13.17% |       36273      3.08%     16.25% |       36315      3.09%     19.34% |       36471      3.10%     22.44% |       36619      3.11%     25.56% |       36614      3.11%     28.67% |       36553      3.11%     31.78% |       36451      3.10%     34.88% |       36375      3.09%     37.97% |       36262      3.08%     41.05% |       36393      3.09%     44.15% |       36497      3.10%     47.25% |       36624      3.11%     50.37% |       36685      3.12%     53.49% |       36548      3.11%     56.59% |       36428      3.10%     59.69% |       36370      3.09%     62.78% |       36265      3.08%     65.87% |       36404      3.10%     68.96% |       36478      3.10%     72.07% |       36601      3.11%     75.18% |       36592      3.11%     78.29% |       36604      3.11%     81.40% |       36481      3.10%     84.51% |       36418      3.10%     87.60% |       36275      3.08%     90.69% |       36374      3.09%     93.78% |       36490      3.10%     96.88% |       36653      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total      1175958                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |       44373      3.16%      3.16% |       44054      3.14%      6.30% |       43738      3.12%      9.42% |       43538      3.10%     12.53% |       43613      3.11%     15.63% |       43607      3.11%     18.74% |       43828      3.12%     21.87% |       44113      3.14%     25.01% |       44338      3.16%     28.17% |       44186      3.15%     31.32% |       44028      3.14%     34.46% |       43801      3.12%     37.58% |       43919      3.13%     40.71% |       43831      3.12%     43.84% |       43979      3.14%     46.97% |       44142      3.15%     50.12% |       44217      3.15%     53.27% |       44109      3.14%     56.42% |       43650      3.11%     59.53% |       43403      3.09%     62.62% |       43540      3.10%     65.73% |       43736      3.12%     68.84% |       43692      3.11%     71.96% |       43865      3.13%     75.09% |       43976      3.13%     78.22% |       44008      3.14%     81.36% |       43531      3.10%     84.46% |       43284      3.09%     87.55% |       43330      3.09%     90.64% |       43583      3.11%     93.74% |       43721      3.12%     96.86% |       44067      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1402800                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       90783      3.48%      3.48% |       81743      3.13%      6.60% |       81280      3.11%      9.72% |       80993      3.10%     12.82% |       80932      3.10%     15.91% |       80967      3.10%     19.01% |       81345      3.11%     22.13% |       81778      3.13%     25.26% |       81998      3.14%     28.40% |       81783      3.13%     31.53% |       81525      3.12%     34.65% |       81222      3.11%     37.76% |       81228      3.11%     40.87% |       81270      3.11%     43.98% |       81521      3.12%     47.10% |       81811      3.13%     50.23% |       81947      3.14%     53.37% |       81701      3.13%     56.50% |       81124      3.11%     59.60% |       80819      3.09%     62.69% |       80851      3.10%     65.79% |       81184      3.11%     68.90% |       81216      3.11%     72.01% |       81511      3.12%     75.13% |       81614      3.12%     78.25% |       81658      3.13%     81.38% |       81057      3.10%     84.48% |       80747      3.09%     87.57% |       80651      3.09%     90.66% |       81002      3.10%     93.76% |       81257      3.11%     96.87% |       81765      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total      2612283                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       89759      3.48%      3.48% |       80719      3.13%      6.61% |       80257      3.11%      9.72% |       79969      3.10%     12.82% |       79908      3.10%     15.92% |       79944      3.10%     19.02% |       80321      3.11%     22.13% |       80754      3.13%     25.26% |       80974      3.14%     28.40% |       80759      3.13%     31.53% |       80501      3.12%     34.65% |       80198      3.11%     37.76% |       80204      3.11%     40.87% |       80246      3.11%     43.98% |       80497      3.12%     47.10% |       80787      3.13%     50.23% |       80923      3.14%     53.37% |       80677      3.13%     56.50% |       80100      3.11%     59.60% |       79795      3.09%     62.70% |       79827      3.09%     65.79% |       80160      3.11%     68.90% |       80192      3.11%     72.01% |       80487      3.12%     75.13% |       80590      3.12%     78.25% |       80634      3.13%     81.38% |       80033      3.10%     84.48% |       79723      3.09%     87.57% |       79627      3.09%     90.66% |       79979      3.10%     93.76% |       80233      3.11%     96.87% |       80741      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total      2579518                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |        1281      3.35%      3.35% |        1190      3.11%      6.46% |        1117      2.92%      9.39% |        1163      3.04%     12.43% |        1191      3.12%     15.55% |        1205      3.15%     18.70% |        1165      3.05%     21.75% |        1177      3.08%     24.83% |        1232      3.22%     28.05% |        1168      3.06%     31.10% |        1119      2.93%     34.03% |        1172      3.07%     37.10% |        1216      3.18%     40.28% |        1208      3.16%     43.44% |        1168      3.06%     46.50% |        1186      3.10%     49.60% |        1211      3.17%     52.77% |        1181      3.09%     55.86% |        1175      3.07%     58.93% |        1209      3.16%     62.09% |        1278      3.34%     65.44% |        1287      3.37%     68.80% |        1208      3.16%     71.96% |        1212      3.17%     75.14% |        1232      3.22%     78.36% |        1204      3.15%     81.51% |        1150      3.01%     84.52% |        1165      3.05%     87.57% |        1206      3.16%     90.72% |        1204      3.15%     93.87% |        1183      3.09%     96.97% |        1160      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total        38223                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |        1460      3.10%      3.10% |        1486      3.16%      6.26% |        1515      3.22%      9.48% |        1508      3.20%     12.68% |        1531      3.25%     15.93% |        1467      3.12%     19.05% |        1355      2.88%     21.93% |        1253      2.66%     24.59% |        1302      2.77%     27.36% |        1346      2.86%     30.22% |        1474      3.13%     33.35% |        1451      3.08%     36.43% |        1493      3.17%     39.60% |        1447      3.07%     42.68% |        1381      2.93%     45.61% |        1330      2.83%     48.44% |        1353      2.87%     51.31% |        1484      3.15%     54.46% |        1548      3.29%     57.75% |        1516      3.22%     60.97% |        1528      3.25%     64.22% |        1515      3.22%     67.44% |        1542      3.28%     70.71% |        1454      3.09%     73.80% |        1554      3.30%     77.10% |        1595      3.39%     80.49% |        1591      3.38%     83.87% |        1583      3.36%     87.24% |        1567      3.33%     90.57% |        1550      3.29%     93.86% |        1492      3.17%     97.03% |        1399      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total        47070                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2061      3.12%      3.12% |        2005      3.04%      6.16% |        2028      3.07%      9.23% |        1943      2.94%     12.18% |        1953      2.96%     15.14% |        1860      2.82%     17.95% |        1830      2.77%     20.73% |        1712      2.59%     23.32% |        1831      2.77%     26.09% |        1848      2.80%     28.89% |        1997      3.03%     31.92% |        2026      3.07%     34.99% |        2150      3.26%     38.25% |        2100      3.18%     41.43% |        2075      3.14%     44.57% |        1970      2.98%     47.56% |        2018      3.06%     50.62% |        2033      3.08%     53.70% |        2170      3.29%     56.98% |        2163      3.28%     60.26% |        2279      3.45%     63.71% |        2306      3.49%     67.21% |        2348      3.56%     70.76% |        2238      3.39%     74.16% |        2292      3.47%     77.63% |        2209      3.35%     80.97% |        2200      3.33%     84.31% |        2108      3.19%     87.50% |        2116      3.21%     90.71% |        2059      3.12%     93.83% |        2100      3.18%     97.01% |        1974      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total        66002                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4499      3.17%      3.17% |        4350      3.06%      6.23% |        4355      3.06%      9.29% |        4288      3.02%     12.31% |        4376      3.08%     15.39% |        4214      2.97%     18.36% |        4260      3.00%     21.35% |        4154      2.92%     24.28% |        4238      2.98%     27.26% |        4234      2.98%     30.24% |        4441      3.13%     33.36% |        4454      3.13%     36.50% |        4624      3.25%     39.75% |        4522      3.18%     42.94% |        4485      3.16%     46.09% |        4374      3.08%     49.17% |        4351      3.06%     52.23% |        4429      3.12%     55.35% |        4494      3.16%     58.51% |        4434      3.12%     61.63% |        4517      3.18%     64.81% |        4739      3.34%     68.15% |        4686      3.30%     71.44% |        4568      3.21%     74.66% |        4606      3.24%     77.90% |        4632      3.26%     81.16% |        4572      3.22%     84.38% |        4410      3.10%     87.48% |        4376      3.08%     90.56% |        4467      3.14%     93.70% |        4520      3.18%     96.89% |        4425      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total       142094                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1455      3.11%      3.11% |        1481      3.17%      6.28% |        1505      3.22%      9.50% |        1491      3.19%     12.69% |        1519      3.25%     15.93% |        1461      3.12%     19.06% |        1339      2.86%     21.92% |        1241      2.65%     24.58% |        1295      2.77%     27.34% |        1339      2.86%     30.21% |        1466      3.14%     33.34% |        1444      3.09%     36.43% |        1488      3.18%     39.61% |        1439      3.08%     42.69% |        1373      2.94%     45.63% |        1323      2.83%     48.46% |        1346      2.88%     51.33% |        1466      3.14%     54.47% |        1535      3.28%     57.75% |        1502      3.21%     60.96% |        1520      3.25%     64.21% |        1507      3.22%     67.44% |        1531      3.27%     70.71% |        1440      3.08%     73.79% |        1546      3.31%     77.10% |        1582      3.38%     80.48% |        1578      3.37%     83.85% |        1570      3.36%     87.21% |        1560      3.34%     90.55% |        1544      3.30%     93.85% |        1484      3.17%     97.02% |        1392      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total        46762                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      218414      5.22%      5.22% |      128357      3.07%      8.28% |      127116      3.04%     11.32% |      129433      3.09%     14.41% |      127478      3.04%     17.46% |      126715      3.03%     20.48% |      126930      3.03%     23.51% |      126521      3.02%     26.54% |      126862      3.03%     29.57% |      127425      3.04%     32.61% |      129066      3.08%     35.69% |      127763      3.05%     38.75% |      126397      3.02%     41.76% |      126709      3.03%     44.79% |      125355      2.99%     47.79% |      125509      3.00%     50.78% |      126529      3.02%     53.81% |      126381      3.02%     56.82% |      126568      3.02%     59.85% |      126547      3.02%     62.87% |      126602      3.02%     65.89% |      140921      3.37%     69.26% |      134494      3.21%     72.47% |      125403      3.00%     75.47% |      125967      3.01%     78.48% |      126282      3.02%     81.49% |      126213      3.01%     84.51% |      126217      3.01%     87.52% |      127668      3.05%     90.57% |      126727      3.03%     93.60% |      130313      3.11%     96.71% |      137622      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4186504                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         178     11.47%     11.47% |          46      2.96%     14.43% |          44      2.84%     17.27% |          46      2.96%     20.23% |          44      2.84%     23.07% |          44      2.84%     25.90% |          44      2.84%     28.74% |          44      2.84%     31.57% |          44      2.84%     34.41% |          44      2.84%     37.24% |          46      2.96%     40.21% |          44      2.84%     43.04% |          46      2.96%     46.01% |          44      2.84%     48.84% |          44      2.84%     51.68% |          44      2.84%     54.51% |          46      2.96%     57.47% |          44      2.84%     60.31% |          44      2.84%     63.14% |          44      2.84%     65.98% |          44      2.84%     68.81% |          44      2.84%     71.65% |          44      2.84%     74.48% |          44      2.84%     77.32% |          44      2.84%     80.15% |          44      2.84%     82.99% |          44      2.84%     85.82% |          44      2.84%     88.66% |          44      2.84%     91.49% |          44      2.84%     94.33% |          44      2.84%     97.16% |          44      2.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         1552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         505      3.21%      3.21% |         450      2.86%      6.07% |         449      2.85%      8.92% |         446      2.83%     11.76% |         473      3.01%     14.76% |         428      2.72%     17.48% |         466      2.96%     20.44% |         490      3.11%     23.56% |         518      3.29%     26.85% |         448      2.85%     29.70% |         481      3.06%     32.75% |         492      3.13%     35.88% |         589      3.74%     39.62% |         512      3.25%     42.88% |         499      3.17%     46.05% |         503      3.20%     49.24% |         504      3.20%     52.45% |         527      3.35%     55.80% |         518      3.29%     59.09% |         477      3.03%     62.12% |         461      2.93%     65.05% |         499      3.17%     68.22% |         466      2.96%     71.18% |         447      2.84%     74.02% |         512      3.25%     77.28% |         554      3.52%     80.80% |         499      3.17%     83.97% |         456      2.90%     86.86% |         454      2.89%     89.75% |         553      3.51%     93.26% |         540      3.43%     96.70% |         520      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        15736                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       52711      3.76%      3.76% |       43840      3.13%      6.89% |       43553      3.11%      9.99% |       43339      3.09%     13.08% |       43326      3.09%     16.17% |       43331      3.09%     19.26% |       43519      3.10%     22.37% |       43807      3.12%     25.49% |       43975      3.14%     28.63% |       43978      3.14%     31.76% |       43803      3.12%     34.89% |       43525      3.10%     37.99% |       43502      3.10%     41.09% |       43505      3.10%     44.20% |       43635      3.11%     47.31% |       43832      3.13%     50.43% |       43917      3.13%     53.57% |       43798      3.12%     56.69% |       43386      3.09%     59.78% |       43164      3.08%     62.86% |       43227      3.08%     65.94% |       43361      3.09%     69.04% |       43421      3.10%     72.13% |       43611      3.11%     75.24% |       43673      3.11%     78.36% |       43685      3.12%     81.47% |       43296      3.09%     84.56% |       43095      3.07%     87.63% |       43114      3.07%     90.71% |       43198      3.08%     93.79% |       43342      3.09%     96.88% |       43748      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total      1402217                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       37567      3.15%      3.15% |       37453      3.14%      6.28% |       37278      3.12%      9.40% |       37208      3.12%     12.52% |       37133      3.11%     15.63% |       37208      3.12%     18.74% |       37360      3.13%     21.87% |       37481      3.14%     25.01% |       37505      3.14%     28.15% |       37357      3.13%     31.28% |       37241      3.12%     34.40% |       37205      3.12%     37.51% |       37137      3.11%     40.62% |       37253      3.12%     43.74% |       37387      3.13%     46.87% |       37476      3.14%     50.01% |       37526      3.14%     53.15% |       37376      3.13%     56.28% |       37220      3.12%     59.39% |       37178      3.11%     62.51% |       37163      3.11%     65.62% |       37324      3.13%     68.74% |       37329      3.13%     71.87% |       37453      3.14%     75.01% |       37429      3.13%     78.14% |       37419      3.13%     81.27% |       37262      3.12%     84.39% |       37197      3.11%     87.51% |       37083      3.10%     90.61% |       37251      3.12%     93.73% |       37375      3.13%     96.86% |       37497      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total      1194331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old |          14      2.76%      2.76% |          14      2.76%      5.52% |          13      2.56%      8.09% |          20      3.94%     12.03% |          16      3.16%     15.19% |          17      3.35%     18.54% |          22      4.34%     22.88% |          21      4.14%     27.02% |          12      2.37%     29.39% |          10      1.97%     31.36% |          21      4.14%     35.50% |          13      2.56%     38.07% |          12      2.37%     40.43% |          13      2.56%     43.00% |           9      1.78%     44.77% |          14      2.76%     47.53% |           8      1.58%     49.11% |          23      4.54%     53.65% |          21      4.14%     57.79% |          27      5.33%     63.12% |          12      2.37%     65.48% |          17      3.35%     68.84% |          16      3.16%     71.99% |          18      3.55%     75.54% |          15      2.96%     78.50% |          16      3.16%     81.66% |          17      3.35%     85.01% |          17      3.35%     88.36% |          15      2.96%     91.32% |          16      3.16%     94.48% |          14      2.76%     97.24% |          14      2.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_PUTX_old::total          507                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |        3408      3.08%      3.08% |        3341      3.02%      6.10% |        3069      2.77%      8.88% |        3085      2.79%     11.67% |        3144      2.84%     14.51% |        3651      3.30%     17.81% |        3339      3.02%     20.83% |        2884      2.61%     23.44% |        3153      2.85%     26.29% |        4768      4.31%     30.60% |        3564      3.22%     33.82% |        3368      3.05%     36.87% |        3111      2.81%     39.68% |        3900      3.53%     43.21% |        3433      3.10%     46.31% |        3324      3.01%     49.31% |        3744      3.39%     52.70% |        3696      3.34%     56.04% |        3168      2.86%     58.91% |        2865      2.59%     61.50% |        2661      2.41%     63.90% |        3277      2.96%     66.87% |        3102      2.80%     69.67% |        2972      2.69%     72.36% |        3164      2.86%     75.22% |        3274      2.96%     78.18% |        2806      2.54%     80.72% |        4297      3.89%     84.60% |        3582      3.24%     87.84% |        4803      4.34%     92.18% |        4645      4.20%     96.38% |        4002      3.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       110600                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |        2570      2.99%      2.99% |        2481      2.89%      5.88% |        2438      2.84%      8.71% |        2390      2.78%     11.49% |        2344      2.73%     14.22% |        2783      3.24%     17.46% |        2275      2.65%     20.11% |        2246      2.61%     22.72% |        2173      2.53%     25.25% |        2207      2.57%     27.81% |        2311      2.69%     30.50% |        2464      2.87%     33.37% |        2540      2.96%     36.32% |        2644      3.08%     39.40% |        2645      3.08%     42.48% |        2745      3.19%     45.67% |        2708      3.15%     48.82% |        2853      3.32%     52.14% |        2819      3.28%     55.42% |        3013      3.51%     58.93% |        2958      3.44%     62.37% |        3118      3.63%     66.00% |        3097      3.60%     69.60% |        3141      3.65%     73.25% |        3090      3.59%     76.85% |        3127      3.64%     80.49% |        2920      3.40%     83.88% |        2890      3.36%     87.25% |        2748      3.20%     90.44% |        2830      3.29%     93.73% |        2707      3.15%     96.88% |        2678      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        85953                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           2     10.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           1      5.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      5.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           0      0.00%     30.00% |           2     10.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           5     25.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           4     20.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           1      5.56%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           4     22.22%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           4     22.22%     50.00% |           2     11.11%     61.11% |           1      5.56%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1      5.56%     72.22% |           0      0.00%     72.22% |           2     11.11%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           2     11.11%     94.44% |           0      0.00%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |          14      1.39%      1.39% |          20      1.98%      3.37% |          16      1.59%      4.96% |          27      2.68%      7.64% |          24      2.38%     10.02% |          30      2.98%     13.00% |          23      2.28%     15.28% |          17      1.69%     16.96% |          23      2.28%     19.25% |          18      1.79%     21.03% |          26      2.58%     23.61% |          29      2.88%     26.49% |          25      2.48%     28.97% |          38      3.77%     32.74% |          35      3.47%     36.21% |          27      2.68%     38.89% |          37      3.67%     42.56% |          40      3.97%     46.53% |          40      3.97%     50.50% |          52      5.16%     55.65% |          28      2.78%     58.43% |          40      3.97%     62.40% |          42      4.17%     66.57% |          48      4.76%     71.33% |          42      4.17%     75.50% |          43      4.27%     79.76% |          37      3.67%     83.43% |          45      4.46%     87.90% |          27      2.68%     90.58% |          31      3.08%     93.65% |          34      3.37%     97.02% |          30      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total         1008                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        2482      3.13%      3.13% |        2399      3.03%      6.16% |        2389      3.02%      9.18% |        2330      2.94%     12.12% |        2348      2.97%     15.09% |        2240      2.83%     17.92% |        2204      2.78%     20.70% |        2162      2.73%     23.43% |        2273      2.87%     26.30% |        2250      2.84%     29.14% |        2400      3.03%     32.17% |        2469      3.12%     35.29% |        2644      3.34%     38.63% |        2550      3.22%     41.85% |        2481      3.13%     44.98% |        2419      3.05%     48.04% |        2430      3.07%     51.11% |        2500      3.16%     54.26% |        2589      3.27%     57.53% |        2568      3.24%     60.78% |        2629      3.32%     64.10% |        2727      3.44%     67.54% |        2703      3.41%     70.95% |        2611      3.30%     74.25% |        2688      3.39%     77.65% |        2688      3.39%     81.04% |        2575      3.25%     84.29% |        2480      3.13%     87.42% |        2460      3.11%     90.53% |        2533      3.20%     93.73% |        2535      3.20%     96.93% |        2430      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total        79186                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           5      6.17%      6.17% |           4      4.94%     11.11% |           2      2.47%     13.58% |           4      4.94%     18.52% |           3      3.70%     22.22% |           8      9.88%     32.10% |           3      3.70%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           0      0.00%     35.80% |           2      2.47%     38.27% |           2      2.47%     40.74% |           2      2.47%     43.21% |           4      4.94%     48.15% |           0      0.00%     48.15% |           6      7.41%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |           0      0.00%     55.56% |          11     13.58%     69.14% |           4      4.94%     74.07% |           2      2.47%     76.54% |           1      1.23%     77.78% |           2      2.47%     80.25% |           2      2.47%     82.72% |           6      7.41%     90.12% |           1      1.23%     91.36% |           3      3.70%     95.06% |           0      0.00%     95.06% |           2      2.47%     97.53% |           0      0.00%     97.53% |           2      2.47%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           81                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      101473      8.76%      8.76% |       34385      2.97%     11.73% |       33439      2.89%     14.61% |       34898      3.01%     17.62% |       34164      2.95%     20.57% |       33606      2.90%     23.47% |       33440      2.89%     26.36% |       33250      2.87%     29.23% |       33272      2.87%     32.10% |       33496      2.89%     34.99% |       35212      3.04%     38.03% |       34715      3.00%     41.03% |       33568      2.90%     43.92% |       33356      2.88%     46.80% |       32569      2.81%     49.61% |       32442      2.80%     52.41% |       33270      2.87%     55.28% |       32711      2.82%     58.11% |       33366      2.88%     60.99% |       33627      2.90%     63.89% |       33433      2.89%     66.78% |       41436      3.58%     70.35% |       39818      3.44%     73.79% |       32333      2.79%     76.58% |       32319      2.79%     79.37% |       32928      2.84%     82.21% |       32871      2.84%     85.05% |       33016      2.85%     87.90% |       33877      2.92%     90.82% |       33055      2.85%     93.67% |       33874      2.92%     96.60% |       39423      3.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total      1158642                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       27179      6.05%      6.05% |       13143      2.93%      8.98% |       13278      2.96%     11.94% |       14379      3.20%     15.14% |       13215      2.94%     18.09% |       12929      2.88%     20.97% |       13025      2.90%     23.87% |       12426      2.77%     26.63% |       12586      2.80%     29.44% |       13078      2.91%     32.35% |       13281      2.96%     35.31% |       12867      2.87%     38.18% |       12781      2.85%     41.02% |       13237      2.95%     43.97% |       12426      2.77%     46.74% |       12418      2.77%     49.51% |       12469      2.78%     52.28% |       13082      2.91%     55.20% |       13186      2.94%     58.13% |       13224      2.95%     61.08% |       13477      3.00%     64.08% |       19562      4.36%     68.44% |       14676      3.27%     71.71% |       12774      2.85%     74.55% |       13222      2.95%     77.50% |       12856      2.86%     80.36% |       13321      2.97%     83.33% |       13404      2.99%     86.31% |       14062      3.13%     89.45% |       13667      3.04%     92.49% |       16236      3.62%     96.11% |       17473      3.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       448939                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |       44725      3.86%      3.86% |       36050      3.11%      6.97% |       35956      3.10%     10.08% |       35827      3.09%     13.17% |       35714      3.08%     16.26% |       35775      3.09%     19.34% |       35969      3.11%     22.45% |       36094      3.12%     25.57% |       36065      3.11%     28.68% |       35984      3.11%     31.79% |       35926      3.10%     34.89% |       35813      3.09%     37.98% |       35698      3.08%     41.06% |       35831      3.09%     44.16% |       35997      3.11%     47.27% |       36073      3.11%     50.38% |       36117      3.12%     53.50% |       35988      3.11%     56.61% |       35856      3.10%     59.70% |       35785      3.09%     62.79% |       35673      3.08%     65.87% |       35866      3.10%     68.97% |       35933      3.10%     72.07% |       36042      3.11%     75.18% |       35996      3.11%     78.29% |       36027      3.11%     81.40% |       35914      3.10%     84.50% |       35838      3.09%     87.60% |       35686      3.08%     90.68% |       35852      3.10%     93.77% |       35985      3.11%     96.88% |       36135      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total      1158190                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |       39216      3.16%      3.16% |       39101      3.15%      6.32% |       38797      3.13%      9.44% |       38651      3.12%     12.56% |       38593      3.11%     15.67% |       38722      3.12%     18.80% |       38889      3.14%     21.93% |       39296      3.17%     25.10% |       39410      3.18%     28.28% |       39345      3.17%     31.45% |       38984      3.14%     34.60% |       38730      3.12%     37.72% |       38638      3.12%     40.84% |       38655      3.12%     43.95% |       38817      3.13%     47.08% |       39125      3.16%     50.24% |       39214      3.16%     53.40% |       39039      3.15%     56.55% |       38540      3.11%     59.66% |       38331      3.09%     62.75% |       38329      3.09%     65.84% |       38238      3.08%     68.92% |       38332      3.09%     72.02% |       38630      3.12%     75.13% |       38726      3.12%     78.25% |       38736      3.12%     81.38% |       38362      3.09%     84.47% |       38276      3.09%     87.56% |       38330      3.09%     90.65% |       38428      3.10%     93.75% |       38515      3.11%     96.86% |       38992      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total      1239987                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1455      3.11%      3.11% |        1481      3.17%      6.28% |        1505      3.22%      9.50% |        1491      3.19%     12.69% |        1519      3.25%     15.93% |        1461      3.12%     19.06% |        1339      2.86%     21.92% |        1241      2.65%     24.58% |        1295      2.77%     27.34% |        1339      2.86%     30.21% |        1466      3.14%     33.34% |        1444      3.09%     36.43% |        1488      3.18%     39.61% |        1439      3.08%     42.69% |        1373      2.94%     45.63% |        1323      2.83%     48.46% |        1346      2.88%     51.33% |        1466      3.14%     54.47% |        1535      3.28%     57.75% |        1502      3.21%     60.96% |        1520      3.25%     64.21% |        1507      3.22%     67.44% |        1531      3.27%     70.71% |        1440      3.08%     73.79% |        1546      3.31%     77.10% |        1582      3.38%     80.48% |        1578      3.37%     83.85% |        1570      3.36%     87.21% |        1560      3.34%     90.55% |        1544      3.30%     93.85% |        1484      3.17%     97.02% |        1392      2.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total        46762                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |           3      4.23%      4.23% |           1      1.41%      5.63% |           3      4.23%      9.86% |           1      1.41%     11.27% |           0      0.00%     11.27% |           0      0.00%     11.27% |           0      0.00%     11.27% |           0      0.00%     11.27% |           3      4.23%     15.49% |           0      0.00%     15.49% |           2      2.82%     18.31% |           0      0.00%     18.31% |           0      0.00%     18.31% |           0      0.00%     18.31% |           2      2.82%     21.13% |           0      0.00%     21.13% |           0      0.00%     21.13% |           2      2.82%     23.94% |           6      8.45%     32.39% |           2      2.82%     35.21% |           3      4.23%     39.44% |           2      2.82%     42.25% |           5      7.04%     49.30% |           3      4.23%     53.52% |           4      5.63%     59.15% |           3      4.23%     63.38% |           8     11.27%     74.65% |           2      2.82%     77.46% |           5      7.04%     84.51% |           5      7.04%     91.55% |           3      4.23%     95.77% |           3      4.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      213538      5.29%      5.29% |      123608      3.06%      8.36% |      122405      3.03%     11.39% |      124678      3.09%     14.48% |      122615      3.04%     17.52% |      121947      3.02%     20.54% |      122245      3.03%     23.57% |      121974      3.02%     26.59% |      122252      3.03%     29.62% |      122809      3.04%     32.67% |      124320      3.08%     35.75% |      123034      3.05%     38.80% |      121603      3.01%     41.81% |      121968      3.02%     44.84% |      120701      2.99%     47.83% |      120924      3.00%     50.82% |      121945      3.02%     53.85% |      121678      3.02%     56.86% |      121844      3.02%     59.88% |      121845      3.02%     62.90% |      121804      3.02%     65.92% |      136000      3.37%     69.29% |      129654      3.21%     72.51% |      120667      2.99%     75.50% |      121157      3.00%     78.50% |      121426      3.01%     81.51% |      121370      3.01%     84.52% |      121422      3.01%     87.53% |      122866      3.05%     90.57% |      121919      3.02%     93.59% |      125542      3.11%     96.70% |      132945      3.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total      4034705                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |         571      3.22%      3.22% |         592      3.34%      6.55% |         540      3.04%      9.60% |         580      3.27%     12.86% |         559      3.15%     16.01% |         537      3.03%     19.04% |         500      2.82%     21.86% |         525      2.96%     24.81% |         549      3.09%     27.91% |         568      3.20%     31.11% |         525      2.96%     34.07% |         562      3.17%     37.23% |         563      3.17%     40.40% |         562      3.17%     43.57% |         499      2.81%     46.38% |         551      3.10%     49.49% |         568      3.20%     52.69% |         560      3.16%     55.84% |         571      3.22%     59.06% |         585      3.30%     62.36% |         592      3.34%     65.69% |         536      3.02%     68.71% |         545      3.07%     71.78% |         559      3.15%     74.93% |         594      3.35%     78.28% |         577      3.25%     81.53% |         566      3.19%     84.72% |         580      3.27%     87.99% |         589      3.32%     91.31% |         522      2.94%     94.25% |         505      2.85%     97.09% |         516      2.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total        17748                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |        2675      3.20%      3.20% |        2553      3.05%      6.25% |        2552      3.05%      9.30% |        2557      3.06%     12.36% |        2672      3.20%     15.56% |        2645      3.16%     18.72% |        2735      3.27%     21.99% |        2655      3.18%     25.17% |        2655      3.18%     28.34% |        2589      3.10%     31.44% |        2643      3.16%     34.60% |        2602      3.11%     37.71% |        2637      3.15%     40.87% |        2626      3.14%     44.01% |        2680      3.21%     47.21% |        2597      3.11%     50.32% |        2571      3.07%     53.39% |        2568      3.07%     56.47% |        2521      3.02%     59.48% |        2504      2.99%     62.48% |        2582      3.09%     65.56% |        2769      3.31%     68.88% |        2657      3.18%     72.05% |        2623      3.14%     75.19% |        2562      3.06%     78.25% |        2584      3.09%     81.34% |        2593      3.10%     84.45% |        2528      3.02%     87.47% |        2540      3.04%     90.51% |        2622      3.14%     93.64% |        2671      3.19%     96.84% |        2644      3.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total        83612                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          14      7.22%      7.22% |           0      0.00%      7.22% |           0      0.00%      7.22% |           0      0.00%      7.22% |          44     22.68%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |           0      0.00%     29.90% |          51     26.29%     56.19% |          50     25.77%     81.96% |          35     18.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total          194                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS |          40      3.14%      3.14% |          33      2.59%      5.73% |          19      1.49%      7.22% |          28      2.20%      9.42% |          22      1.73%     11.15% |          18      1.41%     12.56% |          21      1.65%     14.21% |          22      1.73%     15.93% |          24      1.88%     17.82% |          56      4.40%     22.21% |          74      5.81%     28.02% |          29      2.28%     30.30% |          56      4.40%     34.69% |          36      2.83%     37.52% |          42      3.30%     40.82% |          56      4.40%     45.21% |          44      3.45%     48.67% |          40      3.14%     51.81% |          39      3.06%     54.87% |          24      1.88%     56.75% |          30      2.35%     59.11% |         148     11.62%     70.72% |          55      4.32%     75.04% |          80      6.28%     81.32% |          43      3.38%     84.69% |          33      2.59%     87.28% |          42      3.30%     90.58% |          37      2.90%     93.49% |          18      1.41%     94.90% |          13      1.02%     95.92% |          18      1.41%     97.33% |          34      2.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETS::total         1274                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX |          25      3.78%      3.78% |          27      4.08%      7.85% |          15      2.27%     10.12% |          21      3.17%     13.29% |          17      2.57%     15.86% |          11      1.66%     17.52% |          17      2.57%     20.09% |          19      2.87%     22.96% |          16      2.42%     25.38% |          18      2.72%     28.10% |          11      1.66%     29.76% |          18      2.72%     32.48% |          21      3.17%     35.65% |          18      2.72%     38.37% |          15      2.27%     40.63% |          20      3.02%     43.66% |          24      3.63%     47.28% |          19      2.87%     50.15% |          18      2.72%     52.87% |          22      3.32%     56.19% |          72     10.88%     67.07% |          22      3.32%     70.39% |          18      2.72%     73.11% |          31      4.68%     77.79% |          20      3.02%     80.82% |          18      2.72%     83.53% |          17      2.57%     86.10% |          16      2.42%     88.52% |          14      2.11%     90.63% |          16      2.42%     93.05% |          22      3.32%     96.37% |          24      3.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETX::total          662                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old |           5      4.07%      4.07% |           3      2.44%      6.50% |           3      2.44%      8.94% |           3      2.44%     11.38% |           2      1.63%     13.01% |           3      2.44%     15.45% |           3      2.44%     17.89% |           2      1.63%     19.51% |           2      1.63%     21.14% |           4      3.25%     24.39% |           2      1.63%     26.02% |           4      3.25%     29.27% |           2      1.63%     30.89% |           6      4.88%     35.77% |           5      4.07%     39.84% |           2      1.63%     41.46% |           2      1.63%     43.09% |          11      8.94%     52.03% |           5      4.07%     56.10% |           4      3.25%     59.35% |           2      1.63%     60.98% |           4      3.25%     64.23% |           5      4.07%     68.29% |           8      6.50%     74.80% |           4      3.25%     78.05% |           9      7.32%     85.37% |           3      2.44%     87.80% |           6      4.88%     92.68% |           1      0.81%     93.50% |           2      1.63%     95.12% |           4      3.25%     98.37% |           2      1.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          123                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       89759      3.48%      3.48% |       80719      3.13%      6.61% |       80257      3.11%      9.72% |       79969      3.10%     12.82% |       79908      3.10%     15.92% |       79944      3.10%     19.02% |       80321      3.11%     22.13% |       80754      3.13%     25.26% |       80974      3.14%     28.40% |       80759      3.13%     31.53% |       80501      3.12%     34.65% |       80198      3.11%     37.76% |       80204      3.11%     40.87% |       80246      3.11%     43.98% |       80497      3.12%     47.10% |       80787      3.13%     50.23% |       80923      3.14%     53.37% |       80677      3.13%     56.50% |       80100      3.11%     59.60% |       79795      3.09%     62.70% |       79827      3.09%     65.79% |       80160      3.11%     68.90% |       80192      3.11%     72.01% |       80487      3.12%     75.13% |       80590      3.12%     78.25% |       80634      3.13%     81.38% |       80033      3.10%     84.48% |       79723      3.09%     87.57% |       79627      3.09%     90.66% |       79979      3.10%     93.76% |       80233      3.11%     96.87% |       80741      3.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total      2579518                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |          33      4.60%      4.60% |          23      3.21%      7.81% |          22      3.07%     10.88% |          23      3.21%     14.09% |          22      3.07%     17.15% |          22      3.07%     20.22% |          22      3.07%     23.29% |          21      2.93%     26.22% |          22      3.07%     29.29% |          21      2.93%     32.22% |          23      3.21%     35.43% |          22      3.07%     38.49% |          23      3.21%     41.70% |          22      3.07%     44.77% |          22      3.07%     47.84% |          22      3.07%     50.91% |          23      3.21%     54.11% |          22      3.07%     57.18% |          22      3.07%     60.25% |          22      3.07%     63.32% |          22      3.07%     66.39% |          22      3.07%     69.46% |          22      3.07%     72.52% |          21      2.93%     75.45% |          22      3.07%     78.52% |          22      3.07%     81.59% |          22      3.07%     84.66% |          22      3.07%     87.73% |          22      3.07%     90.79% |          22      3.07%     93.86% |          22      3.07%     96.93% |          22      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          717                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old |           1      1.61%      1.61% |           4      6.45%      8.06% |           1      1.61%      9.68% |           1      1.61%     11.29% |           1      1.61%     12.90% |           6      9.68%     22.58% |           3      4.84%     27.42% |           0      0.00%     27.42% |           1      1.61%     29.03% |           1      1.61%     30.65% |           4      6.45%     37.10% |           1      1.61%     38.71% |           4      6.45%     45.16% |           5      8.06%     53.23% |           1      1.61%     54.84% |           1      1.61%     56.45% |           0      0.00%     56.45% |           1      1.61%     58.06% |           3      4.84%     62.90% |           3      4.84%     67.74% |           2      3.23%     70.97% |           5      8.06%     79.03% |           0      0.00%     79.03% |           0      0.00%     79.03% |           2      3.23%     82.26% |           5      8.06%     90.32% |           0      0.00%     90.32% |           2      3.23%     93.55% |           2      3.23%     96.77% |           2      3.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total           62                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |         624      3.51%      3.51% |         590      3.32%      6.84% |         539      3.04%      9.87% |         578      3.26%     13.13% |         558      3.14%     16.27% |         536      3.02%     19.29% |         499      2.81%     22.10% |         523      2.95%     25.05% |         548      3.09%     28.13% |         567      3.19%     31.32% |         522      2.94%     34.26% |         560      3.15%     37.42% |         563      3.17%     40.59% |         561      3.16%     43.75% |         498      2.80%     46.55% |         550      3.10%     49.65% |         568      3.20%     52.85% |         559      3.15%     56.00% |         570      3.21%     59.21% |         584      3.29%     62.50% |         590      3.32%     65.82% |         533      3.00%     68.82% |         542      3.05%     71.87% |         556      3.13%     75.01% |         592      3.33%     78.34% |         575      3.24%     81.58% |         566      3.19%     84.77% |         580      3.27%     88.03% |         586      3.30%     91.33% |         521      2.93%     94.27% |         505      2.84%     97.11% |         513      2.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total        17756                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3      5.88%      5.88% |           2      3.92%      9.80% |           1      1.96%     11.76% |           2      3.92%     15.69% |           1      1.96%     17.65% |           1      1.96%     19.61% |           1      1.96%     21.57% |           3      5.88%     27.45% |           1      1.96%     29.41% |           2      3.92%     33.33% |           3      5.88%     39.22% |           2      3.92%     43.14% |           0      0.00%     43.14% |           1      1.96%     45.10% |           1      1.96%     47.06% |           1      1.96%     49.02% |           0      0.00%     49.02% |           1      1.96%     50.98% |           1      1.96%     52.94% |           1      1.96%     54.90% |           2      3.92%     58.82% |           3      5.88%     64.71% |           3      5.88%     70.59% |           4      7.84%     78.43% |           2      3.92%     82.35% |           2      3.92%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           0      0.00%     86.27% |           3      5.88%     92.16% |           1      1.96%     94.12% |           0      0.00%     94.12% |           3      5.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           51                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          56     94.92%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           0      0.00%     94.92% |           1      1.69%     96.61% |           0      0.00%     96.61% |           1      1.69%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           0      0.00%     98.31% |           1      1.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS |           1      2.78%      2.78% |           0      0.00%      2.78% |           1      2.78%      5.56% |           0      0.00%      5.56% |           1      2.78%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           0      0.00%      8.33% |           1      2.78%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           0      0.00%     11.11% |           4     11.11%     22.22% |           1      2.78%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           1      2.78%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |           0      0.00%     27.78% |          21     58.33%     86.11% |           1      2.78%     88.89% |           1      2.78%     91.67% |           1      2.78%     94.44% |           1      2.78%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           1      2.78%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETS::total           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          15     23.44%     23.44% |          49     76.56%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_GETX::total           64                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old |          11      3.04%      3.04% |           5      1.38%      4.42% |          12      3.31%      7.73% |          18      4.97%     12.71% |          12      3.31%     16.02% |          10      2.76%     18.78% |          18      4.97%     23.76% |          15      4.14%     27.90% |          11      3.04%     30.94% |           8      2.21%     33.15% |          11      3.04%     36.19% |          11      3.04%     39.23% |           8      2.21%     41.44% |           6      1.66%     43.09% |           7      1.93%     45.03% |           9      2.49%     47.51% |           7      1.93%     49.45% |          20      5.52%     54.97% |          16      4.42%     59.39% |          18      4.97%     64.36% |           8      2.21%     66.57% |           6      1.66%     68.23% |          14      3.87%     72.10% |          16      4.42%     76.52% |          10      2.76%     79.28% |          10      2.76%     82.04% |          13      3.59%     85.64% |          13      3.59%     89.23% |          10      2.76%     91.99% |          10      2.76%     94.75% |          10      2.76%     97.51% |           9      2.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.L1_PUTX_old::total          362                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data |         657      3.21%      3.21% |         600      2.93%      6.14% |         578      2.82%      8.97% |         585      2.86%     11.83% |         633      3.09%     14.92% |         669      3.27%     18.19% |         666      3.25%     21.44% |         654      3.20%     24.64% |         684      3.34%     27.98% |         601      2.94%     30.92% |         597      2.92%     33.84% |         612      2.99%     36.83% |         653      3.19%     40.02% |         647      3.16%     43.18% |         670      3.27%     46.46% |         636      3.11%     49.57% |         643      3.14%     52.71% |         622      3.04%     55.75% |         605      2.96%     58.70% |         625      3.05%     61.76% |         688      3.36%     65.12% |         752      3.68%     68.80% |         666      3.25%     72.05% |         656      3.21%     75.26% |         640      3.13%     78.38% |         629      3.07%     81.46% |         583      2.85%     84.31% |         585      2.86%     87.17% |         620      3.03%     90.20% |         683      3.34%     93.53% |         678      3.31%     96.85% |         645      3.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data::total        20462                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean |           5      1.60%      1.60% |           5      1.60%      3.19% |          10      3.19%      6.39% |          17      5.43%     11.82% |          12      3.83%     15.65% |           6      1.92%     17.57% |          16      5.11%     22.68% |          12      3.83%     26.52% |           7      2.24%     28.75% |           7      2.24%     30.99% |           8      2.56%     33.55% |           7      2.24%     35.78% |           5      1.60%     37.38% |           8      2.56%     39.94% |           8      2.56%     42.49% |           7      2.24%     44.73% |           7      2.24%     46.96% |          18      5.75%     52.72% |          13      4.15%     56.87% |          14      4.47%     61.34% |           8      2.56%     63.90% |          10      3.19%     67.09% |          11      3.51%     70.61% |          14      4.47%     75.08% |           8      2.56%     77.64% |          13      4.15%     81.79% |          14      4.47%     86.26% |          13      4.15%     90.42% |           7      2.24%     92.65% |           6      1.92%     94.57% |           8      2.56%     97.12% |           9      2.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data_clean::total          313                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |        2013      3.20%      3.20% |        1948      3.10%      6.30% |        1964      3.13%      9.43% |        1955      3.11%     12.54% |        2027      3.23%     15.77% |        1970      3.14%     18.90% |        2053      3.27%     22.17% |        1989      3.17%     25.33% |        1964      3.13%     28.46% |        1981      3.15%     31.61% |        2038      3.24%     34.86% |        1983      3.16%     38.01% |        1979      3.15%     41.16% |        1971      3.14%     44.30% |        2002      3.19%     47.48% |        1954      3.11%     50.59% |        1921      3.06%     53.65% |        1928      3.07%     56.72% |        1903      3.03%     59.75% |        1865      2.97%     62.71% |        1886      3.00%     65.72% |        2007      3.19%     68.91% |        1980      3.15%     72.06% |        1953      3.11%     75.17% |        1914      3.05%     78.22% |        1942      3.09%     81.31% |        1996      3.18%     84.48% |        1930      3.07%     87.55% |        1913      3.04%     90.60% |        1933      3.08%     93.67% |        1985      3.16%     96.83% |        1990      3.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total        62837                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GET_INSTR::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS |           1      4.35%      4.35% |           0      0.00%      4.35% |           2      8.70%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           0      0.00%     13.04% |           2      8.70%     21.74% |           0      0.00%     21.74% |           3     13.04%     34.78% |           0      0.00%     34.78% |           2      8.70%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           0      0.00%     43.48% |           2      8.70%     52.17% |           1      4.35%     56.52% |           0      0.00%     56.52% |           1      4.35%     60.87% |           0      0.00%     60.87% |           2      8.70%     69.57% |           0      0.00%     69.57% |           1      4.35%     73.91% |           1      4.35%     78.26% |           1      4.35%     82.61% |           0      0.00%     82.61% |           1      4.35%     86.96% |           0      0.00%     86.96% |           1      4.35%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           0      0.00%     91.30% |           1      4.35%     95.65% |           1      4.35%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.L1_GETS::total           23                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |        2061      3.12%      3.12% |        2005      3.04%      6.16% |        2028      3.07%      9.23% |        1943      2.94%     12.18% |        1953      2.96%     15.14% |        1860      2.82%     17.96% |        1830      2.77%     20.73% |        1712      2.59%     23.32% |        1831      2.77%     26.10% |        1848      2.80%     28.90% |        1997      3.03%     31.92% |        2026      3.07%     34.99% |        2150      3.26%     38.25% |        2100      3.18%     41.43% |        2075      3.14%     44.58% |        1970      2.98%     47.56% |        2018      3.06%     50.62% |        2033      3.08%     53.70% |        2170      3.29%     56.99% |        2163      3.28%     60.26% |        2279      3.45%     63.72% |        2304      3.49%     67.21% |        2348      3.56%     70.77% |        2238      3.39%     74.16% |        2292      3.47%     77.63% |        2209      3.35%     80.98% |        2199      3.33%     84.31% |        2108      3.19%     87.50% |        2116      3.21%     90.71% |        2059      3.12%     93.83% |        2100      3.18%     97.01% |        1972      2.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total        65997                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        2482      3.13%      3.13% |        2399      3.03%      6.16% |        2389      3.02%      9.18% |        2330      2.94%     12.12% |        2348      2.97%     15.09% |        2240      2.83%     17.92% |        2204      2.78%     20.70% |        2162      2.73%     23.43% |        2273      2.87%     26.30% |        2250      2.84%     29.14% |        2400      3.03%     32.17% |        2469      3.12%     35.29% |        2644      3.34%     38.63% |        2550      3.22%     41.85% |        2481      3.13%     44.98% |        2419      3.05%     48.04% |        2430      3.07%     51.11% |        2500      3.16%     54.26% |        2589      3.27%     57.53% |        2568      3.24%     60.78% |        2629      3.32%     64.10% |        2727      3.44%     67.54% |        2703      3.41%     70.95% |        2611      3.30%     74.25% |        2688      3.39%     77.65% |        2688      3.39%     81.04% |        2575      3.25%     84.29% |        2480      3.13%     87.42% |        2460      3.11%     90.53% |        2533      3.20%     93.73% |        2535      3.20%     96.93% |        2430      3.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total        79186                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |           1      5.00%      5.00% |           1      5.00%     10.00% |           1      5.00%     15.00% |           1      5.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           3     15.00%     35.00% |           2     10.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           0      0.00%     45.00% |           1      5.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1      5.00%     55.00% |           0      0.00%     55.00% |           1      5.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           1      5.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           0      0.00%     65.00% |           2     10.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           2     10.00%     85.00% |           0      0.00%     85.00% |           1      5.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           0      0.00%     90.00% |           2     10.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           20                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |         521      2.94%      2.94% |         467      2.63%      5.57% |         436      2.46%      8.03% |         393      2.22%     10.25% |         360      2.03%     12.28% |         360      2.03%     14.31% |         414      2.33%     16.64% |         443      2.50%     19.14% |         479      2.70%     21.84% |         486      2.74%     24.58% |         473      2.67%     27.25% |         549      3.10%     30.34% |         596      3.36%     33.70% |         642      3.62%     37.32% |         668      3.77%     41.09% |         659      3.72%     44.81% |         653      3.68%     48.49% |         588      3.32%     51.80% |         604      3.41%     55.21% |         651      3.67%     58.88% |         702      3.96%     62.84% |         764      4.31%     67.15% |         755      4.26%     71.41% |         771      4.35%     75.75% |         683      3.85%     79.60% |         609      3.43%     83.04% |         547      3.08%     86.12% |         497      2.80%     88.93% |         475      2.68%     91.60% |         449      2.53%     94.14% |         518      2.92%     97.06% |         522      2.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total        17734                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_PUTX_old |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_PUTX_old::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           0      0.00%     16.67% |           1     16.67%     33.33% |           1     16.67%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     16.67%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     16.67%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           0      0.00%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L2_Replacement_clean::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       52190      3.77%      3.77% |       43373      3.13%      6.90% |       43117      3.11%     10.02% |       42946      3.10%     13.12% |       42966      3.10%     16.22% |       42971      3.10%     19.33% |       43105      3.11%     22.44% |       43364      3.13%     25.57% |       43496      3.14%     28.71% |       43492      3.14%     31.85% |       43330      3.13%     34.98% |       42976      3.10%     38.09% |       42906      3.10%     41.19% |       42863      3.10%     44.28% |       42967      3.10%     47.39% |       43173      3.12%     50.51% |       43264      3.12%     53.63% |       43210      3.12%     56.75% |       42782      3.09%     59.84% |       42513      3.07%     62.91% |       42525      3.07%     65.98% |       42597      3.08%     69.06% |       42666      3.08%     72.14% |       42840      3.09%     75.24% |       42990      3.11%     78.34% |       43076      3.11%     81.45% |       42749      3.09%     84.54% |       42598      3.08%     87.62% |       42639      3.08%     90.70% |       42749      3.09%     93.78% |       42824      3.09%     96.88% |       43226      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total      1384483                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        1026      3.07%      3.07% |         917      2.74%      5.81% |         885      2.64%      8.45% |         839      2.51%     10.96% |         833      2.49%     13.45% |         788      2.35%     15.80% |         880      2.63%     18.43% |         933      2.79%     21.22% |         997      2.98%     24.20% |         934      2.79%     26.99% |         954      2.85%     29.84% |        1041      3.11%     32.95% |        1185      3.54%     36.49% |        1154      3.45%     39.94% |        1167      3.49%     43.42% |        1162      3.47%     46.89% |        1157      3.46%     50.35% |        1115      3.33%     53.68% |        1122      3.35%     57.03% |        1128      3.37%     60.41% |        1163      3.47%     63.88% |        1263      3.77%     67.65% |        1221      3.65%     71.30% |        1218      3.64%     74.94% |        1195      3.57%     78.51% |        1163      3.47%     81.99% |        1046      3.13%     85.11% |         952      2.84%     87.96% |         929      2.78%     90.73% |        1002      2.99%     93.73% |        1058      3.16%     96.89% |        1042      3.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        33469                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           2     40.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.L2_Replacement_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       37567      3.15%      3.15% |       37453      3.14%      6.28% |       37278      3.12%      9.40% |       37208      3.12%     12.52% |       37133      3.11%     15.63% |       37208      3.12%     18.74% |       37360      3.13%     21.87% |       37481      3.14%     25.01% |       37505      3.14%     28.15% |       37357      3.13%     31.28% |       37241      3.12%     34.40% |       37205      3.12%     37.51% |       37137      3.11%     40.62% |       37253      3.12%     43.74% |       37387      3.13%     46.87% |       37476      3.14%     50.01% |       37526      3.14%     53.15% |       37376      3.13%     56.28% |       37220      3.12%     59.39% |       37178      3.11%     62.51% |       37163      3.11%     65.62% |       37324      3.13%     68.74% |       37329      3.13%     71.87% |       37453      3.14%     75.01% |       37429      3.13%     78.14% |       37419      3.13%     81.27% |       37262      3.12%     84.39% |       37197      3.11%     87.51% |       37083      3.10%     90.61% |       37251      3.12%     93.73% |       37375      3.13%     96.86% |       37497      3.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total      1194331                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           2      5.26%      5.26% |           2      5.26%     10.53% |           1      2.63%     13.16% |           1      2.63%     15.79% |           0      0.00%     15.79% |           1      2.63%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           0      0.00%     18.42% |           2      5.26%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           0      0.00%     23.68% |           5     13.16%     36.84% |           0      0.00%     36.84% |           4     10.53%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           0      0.00%     47.37% |           8     21.05%     68.42% |           3      7.89%     76.32% |           1      2.63%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           0      0.00%     78.95% |           3      7.89%     86.84% |           0      0.00%     86.84% |           2      5.26%     92.11% |           0      0.00%     92.11% |           2      5.26%     97.37% |           0      0.00%     97.37% |           1      2.63%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total           38                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          56      2.33%      2.33% |          52      2.17%      4.50% |          49      2.04%      6.54% |          47      1.96%      8.50% |          56      2.33%     10.84% |          74      3.08%     13.92% |          46      1.92%     15.84% |          50      2.08%     17.92% |          59      2.46%     20.38% |          55      2.29%     22.68% |          80      3.33%     26.01% |          75      3.13%     29.14% |          85      3.54%     32.68% |          86      3.58%     36.27% |          80      3.33%     39.60% |          63      2.63%     42.23% |          76      3.17%     45.39% |          80      3.33%     48.73% |         101      4.21%     52.94% |         110      4.59%     57.52% |          99      4.13%     61.65% |          92      3.83%     65.49% |         103      4.29%     69.78% |          80      3.33%     73.11% |         105      4.38%     77.49% |          76      3.17%     80.66% |         100      4.17%     84.83% |          95      3.96%     88.79% |          76      3.17%     91.95% |          74      3.08%     95.04% |          54      2.25%     97.29% |          65      2.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total         2399                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX |          84      2.79%      2.79% |          86      2.85%      5.64% |          70      2.32%      7.96% |          76      2.52%     10.48% |          65      2.16%     12.63% |          77      2.55%     15.19% |          87      2.88%     18.07% |          76      2.52%     20.59% |         102      3.38%     23.97% |         141      4.68%     28.65% |          67      2.22%     30.87% |          80      2.65%     33.52% |         108      3.58%     37.10% |         100      3.32%     40.42% |         102      3.38%     43.80% |         102      3.38%     47.18% |         108      3.58%     50.76% |          84      2.79%     53.55% |          95      3.15%     56.70% |          76      2.52%     59.22% |         116      3.85%     63.06% |         132      4.38%     67.44% |          82      2.72%     70.16% |         150      4.97%     75.13% |         116      3.85%     78.98% |         105      3.48%     82.46% |         115      3.81%     86.27% |          81      2.69%     88.96% |          93      3.08%     92.04% |          70      2.32%     94.36% |          76      2.52%     96.88% |          94      3.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX::total         3016                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old |           1      7.14%      7.14% |           0      0.00%      7.14% |           1      7.14%     14.29% |           0      0.00%     14.29% |           1      7.14%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           0      0.00%     21.43% |           1      7.14%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           0      0.00%     28.57% |           1      7.14%     35.71% |           1      7.14%     42.86% |           1      7.14%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           2     14.29%     64.29% |           1      7.14%     71.43% |           2     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           1      7.14%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           1      7.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_PUTX_old::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           0      0.00%     25.00% |           2     50.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           0      0.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L2_Replacement_clean::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      218412      5.22%      5.22% |      128355      3.07%      8.28% |      127115      3.04%     11.32% |      129432      3.09%     14.41% |      127478      3.05%     17.46% |      126714      3.03%     20.48% |      126930      3.03%     23.51% |      126521      3.02%     26.54% |      126862      3.03%     29.57% |      127423      3.04%     32.61% |      129066      3.08%     35.69% |      127763      3.05%     38.75% |      126392      3.02%     41.76% |      126709      3.03%     44.79% |      125351      2.99%     47.79% |      125509      3.00%     50.78% |      126529      3.02%     53.81% |      126381      3.02%     56.82% |      126560      3.02%     59.85% |      126544      3.02%     62.87% |      126601      3.02%     65.89% |      140921      3.37%     69.26% |      134494      3.21%     72.47% |      125403      3.00%     75.47% |      125964      3.01%     78.48% |      126282      3.02%     81.49% |      126211      3.01%     84.51% |      126217      3.01%     87.52% |      127666      3.05%     90.57% |      126727      3.03%     93.60% |      130312      3.11%     96.71% |      137622      3.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total      4186466                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1      7.69%      7.69% |           0      0.00%      7.69% |           1      7.69%     15.38% |           0      0.00%     15.38% |           2     15.38%     30.77% |           0      0.00%     30.77% |           4     30.77%     61.54% |           0      0.00%     61.54% |           1      7.69%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           0      0.00%     69.23% |           1      7.69%     76.92% |           0      0.00%     76.92% |           2     15.38%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           0      0.00%     92.31% |           1      7.69%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_GETS::total           13                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |          12      1.32%      1.32% |          18      1.98%      3.30% |          15      1.65%      4.95% |          21      2.31%      7.26% |          23      2.53%      9.79% |          27      2.97%     12.76% |          20      2.20%     14.96% |          16      1.76%     16.72% |          21      2.31%     19.03% |          16      1.76%     20.79% |          25      2.75%     23.54% |          26      2.86%     26.40% |          22      2.42%     28.82% |          35      3.85%     32.67% |          30      3.30%     35.97% |          26      2.86%     38.83% |          33      3.63%     42.46% |          35      3.85%     46.31% |          36      3.96%     50.28% |          45      4.95%     55.23% |          24      2.64%     57.87% |          38      4.18%     62.05% |          42      4.62%     66.67% |          45      4.95%     71.62% |          40      4.40%     76.02% |          40      4.40%     80.42% |          34      3.74%     84.16% |          42      4.62%     88.78% |          21      2.31%     91.09% |          28      3.08%     94.17% |          29      3.19%     97.36% |          24      2.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total          909                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2     40.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           0      0.00%     60.00% |           2     40.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |        1385      3.19%      3.19% |        1421      3.28%      6.47% |        1405      3.24%      9.71% |        1402      3.23%     12.94% |        1388      3.20%     16.15% |        1364      3.15%     19.29% |        1242      2.86%     22.16% |        1154      2.66%     24.82% |        1142      2.63%     27.45% |        1208      2.79%     30.24% |        1326      3.06%     33.29% |        1337      3.08%     36.38% |        1401      3.23%     39.61% |        1349      3.11%     42.72% |        1251      2.89%     45.61% |        1214      2.80%     48.41% |        1243      2.87%     51.27% |        1364      3.15%     54.42% |        1435      3.31%     57.73% |        1420      3.27%     61.00% |        1380      3.18%     64.18% |        1378      3.18%     67.36% |        1405      3.24%     70.60% |        1348      3.11%     73.71% |        1457      3.36%     77.07% |        1482      3.42%     80.49% |        1474      3.40%     83.89% |        1480      3.41%     87.30% |        1425      3.29%     90.59% |        1423      3.28%     93.87% |        1371      3.16%     97.03% |        1287      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total        43361                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |          70      2.06%      2.06% |          60      1.77%      3.83% |         100      2.94%      6.77% |          89      2.62%      9.39% |         131      3.86%     13.25% |          97      2.86%     16.11% |          97      2.86%     18.96% |          87      2.56%     21.53% |         153      4.51%     26.03% |         131      3.86%     29.89% |         140      4.12%     34.01% |         107      3.15%     37.16% |          87      2.56%     39.72% |          90      2.65%     42.37% |         122      3.59%     45.97% |         109      3.21%     49.18% |         103      3.03%     52.21% |         102      3.00%     55.21% |         100      2.94%     58.16% |          82      2.41%     60.57% |         140      4.12%     64.69% |         127      3.74%     68.43% |         126      3.71%     72.14% |          92      2.71%     74.85% |          89      2.62%     77.47% |         100      2.94%     80.42% |         103      3.03%     83.45% |          90      2.65%     86.10% |         135      3.98%     90.08% |         121      3.56%     93.64% |         113      3.33%     96.97% |         103      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total         3396                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           0      0.00%     20.00% |           1     20.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           0      0.00%     40.00% |           1     20.00%     60.00% |           1     20.00%     80.00% |           0      0.00%     80.00% |           1     20.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_PUTX::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |          70      2.06%      2.06% |          60      1.77%      3.83% |         100      2.94%      6.77% |          89      2.62%      9.39% |         131      3.86%     13.25% |          97      2.86%     16.11% |          97      2.86%     18.96% |          87      2.56%     21.53% |         153      4.51%     26.03% |         131      3.86%     29.89% |         140      4.12%     34.01% |         107      3.15%     37.16% |          87      2.56%     39.72% |          90      2.65%     42.37% |         122      3.59%     45.97% |         109      3.21%     49.18% |         103      3.03%     52.21% |         102      3.00%     55.21% |         100      2.94%     58.16% |          82      2.41%     60.57% |         140      4.12%     64.69% |         127      3.74%     68.43% |         126      3.71%     72.14% |          92      2.71%     74.85% |          89      2.62%     77.47% |         100      2.94%     80.42% |         103      3.03%     83.45% |          90      2.65%     86.10% |         135      3.98%     90.08% |         121      3.56%     93.64% |         113      3.33%     96.97% |         103      3.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total         3396                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           0      0.00%     33.33% |           1     33.33%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           0      0.00%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_GETS::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX |           2      3.57%      3.57% |           0      0.00%      3.57% |           1      1.79%      5.36% |           2      3.57%      8.93% |           2      3.57%     12.50% |           2      3.57%     16.07% |           0      0.00%     16.07% |           0      0.00%     16.07% |           0      0.00%     16.07% |           1      1.79%     17.86% |           1      1.79%     19.64% |           4      7.14%     26.79% |           2      3.57%     30.36% |           1      1.79%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |           0      0.00%     32.14% |           1      1.79%     33.93% |           4      7.14%     41.07% |           9     16.07%     57.14% |           2      3.57%     60.71% |           3      5.36%     66.07% |           3      5.36%     71.43% |           3      5.36%     76.79% |           1      1.79%     78.57% |           2      3.57%     82.14% |           1      1.79%     83.93% |           2      3.57%     87.50% |           4      7.14%     94.64% |           1      1.79%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           0      0.00%     96.43% |           2      3.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.L1_PUTX::total           56                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1385      3.19%      3.19% |        1421      3.28%      6.47% |        1405      3.24%      9.71% |        1402      3.23%     12.94% |        1388      3.20%     16.14% |        1364      3.15%     19.29% |        1242      2.86%     22.15% |        1154      2.66%     24.81% |        1142      2.63%     27.45% |        1208      2.79%     30.23% |        1326      3.06%     33.29% |        1337      3.08%     36.37% |        1401      3.23%     39.60% |        1349      3.11%     42.72% |        1251      2.88%     45.60% |        1214      2.80%     48.40% |        1243      2.87%     51.27% |        1364      3.15%     54.41% |        1435      3.31%     57.72% |        1420      3.27%     60.99% |        1380      3.18%     64.18% |        1380      3.18%     67.36% |        1405      3.24%     70.60% |        1348      3.11%     73.71% |        1457      3.36%     77.07% |        1482      3.42%     80.48% |        1475      3.40%     83.89% |        1480      3.41%     87.30% |        1425      3.29%     90.58% |        1423      3.28%     93.87% |        1371      3.16%     97.03% |        1289      2.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total        43366                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend |      531204     19.51%     19.51% |     1361074     50.00%     69.51% |      107426      3.95%     73.46% |      111946      4.11%     77.57% |      101672      3.73%     81.31% |      104531      3.84%     85.15% |      100955      3.71%     88.86% |      103652      3.81%     92.66% |       99951      3.67%     96.34% |       99737      3.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageSend::total      2722148                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv |      531204     19.51%     19.51% |     1361074     50.00%     69.51% |      107426      3.95%     73.46% |      111946      4.11%     77.57% |      101672      3.73%     81.31% |      104531      3.84%     85.15% |      100955      3.71%     88.86% |      103652      3.81%     92.66% |       99951      3.67%     96.34% |       99737      3.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.MessageRecv::total      2722148                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend |      531204     19.51%     19.51% |     1361074     50.00%     69.51% |      107426      3.95%     73.46% |      111946      4.11%     77.57% |      101672      3.73%     81.31% |      104531      3.84%     85.15% |      100955      3.71%     88.86% |      103652      3.81%     92.66% |       99951      3.67%     96.34% |       99737      3.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageSend::total      2722148                      
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv |      531204     19.51%     19.51% |     1361074     50.00%     69.51% |      107426      3.95%     73.46% |      111946      4.11%     77.57% |      101672      3.73%     81.31% |      104531      3.84%     85.15% |      100955      3.71%     88.86% |      103652      3.81%     92.66% |       99951      3.67%     96.34% |       99737      3.66%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.SimicsNetworkPortInterface_Controller.A.MessageRecv::total      2722148                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
